The only really happy folk are married women and single men.;H. L. Mencken;women
I measure the progress of a community by the degree of progress which women have achieved.;B. R. Ambedkar;women
Women always excel men in that sort of wisdom which comes from experience. To be a woman is in itself a terrible experience.;H. L. Mencken;women
Women cannot complain about men anymore until they start getting better taste in them.;Bill Maher;women
The trouble with life is that there are so many beautiful women and so little time.;John Barrymore;women
You can tell the strength of a nation by the women behind its men.;Benjamin Disraeli;women
Women's Lib? Oh, I'm afraid it doesn't interest me one bit. I've been so liberated it hurts.;Lucille Ball;women
I've yet to be on a campus where most women weren't worrying about some aspect of combining marriage, children, and a career. I've yet to find one where many men were worrying about the same thing.;Gloria Steinem;women
Women need real moments of solitude and self-reflection to balance out how much of ourselves we give away.;Barbara de Angelis;women
I owe nothing to Women's Lib.;Margaret Thatcher;women
I write for those women who do not speak, for those who do not have a voice because they were so terrified, because we are taught to respect fear more than ourselves. We've been taught that silence would save us, but it won't.;Audre Lorde;women
There's no evidence whatsoever that men are more rational than women. Both sexes seem to be equally irrational.;Albert Ellis;women
All women should know how to take care of children. Most of them will have a husband some day.;Franklin P. Jones;women
Women in love are less ashamed than men. They have less to be ashamed of.;Ambrose Bierce;women
One can find women who have never had one love affair, but it is rare indeed to find any who have had only one.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;women
In too many instances, the march to globalization has also meant the marginalization of women and girls. And that must change.;Hillary Clinton;women
I'm not denyin' the women are foolish. God Almighty made 'em to match the men.;George Eliot;women
God gave women intuition and femininity. Used properly, the combination easily jumbles the brain of any man I've ever met.;Farrah Fawcett;women
In our society, the women who break down barriers are those who ignore limits.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;women
Women want mediocre men, and men are working to be as mediocre as possible.;Margaret Mead;women
Men are governed by lines of intellect - women: by curves of emotion.;James Joyce;women
There are few virtuous women who are not bored with their trade.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;women
The most virtuous women have something within them, something that is never chaste.;Honore de Balzac;women
Wives are young men's mistresses, companions for middle age, and old men's nurses.;Francis Bacon;women
Men are by nature merely indifferent to one another but women are by nature enemies.;Arthur Schopenhauer;women
Being a woman is a terribly difficult task, since it consists principally in dealing with men.;Joseph Conrad;women
I do not wish women to have power over men but over themselves.;Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley;women
Women, can't live with them, can't live without them.;Desiderius Erasmus;women
Only men who are not interested in women are interested in women's clothes. Men who like women never notice what they wear.;Anatole France;women
Girls have an unfair advantage over men: if they can't get what they want by being smart, they can get it by being dumb.;Yul Brynner;women
I think that maybe if women and children were in charge we would get somewhere.;James Thurber;women
Charm, in most men and nearly all women, is a decoration.;E. M. Forster;women
It is little men know of women their smiles and their tears alike are seldom what they seem.;Amelia Barr;women
I guess at the end of the day, all women like to be appreciated and treated with respect and kindness.;Sofia Vergara;women
Being a sex symbol has to do with an attitude, not looks. Most men think it's looks, most women know otherwise.;Kathleen Turner;women
Friends are generally of the same sex, for when men and women agree, it is only in the conclusions their reasons are always different.;George Santayana;women
Childbirth is more admirable than conquest, more amazing than self-defense, and as courageous as either one.;Gloria Steinem;women
Some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry.;Gloria Steinem;women
Single women have a dreadful propensity for being poor. Which is one very strong argument in favor of matrimony.;Jane Austen;women
Speaking very generally, I find that women are spiritually, emotionally, and often physically stronger than men.;Gary Oldman;women
Men mourn for what they have lost women for what they ain't got.;Josh Billings;women
I feel there is something unexplored about woman that only a woman can explore.;Georgia O'Keeffe;women
This man is frank and earnest with women. In Fresno, he's Frank and in Chicago he's Ernest.;Henny Youngman;women
Women, like men, should try to do the impossible. And when they fail, their failure should be a challenge to others.;Amelia Earhart;women
Women are the real architects of society.;Cher;women
Women are naturally secretive, and they like to do their own secreting.;Arthur Conan Doyle;women
The test of civilization is its estimate of women.;George William Curtis;women
Whether women are better than men I cannot say - but I can say they are certainly no worse.;Golda Meir;women
I think that women just have a primeval instinct to make soup, which they will try to foist on anybody who looks like a likely candidate.;Dylan Moran;women
I will not say that women have no character rather, they have a new one every day.;Heinrich Heine;women
Women hold up half the sky.;Mao Zedong;women
There is a physical relationship with a woman that you don't have with anybody else, but that's not about love. Love is a spiritual thing.;Ziggy Marley;women
Women think with their whole bodies and they see things as a whole more than men do.;Dorothy Day;women
Women get more unhappy the more they try to liberate themselves.;Brigitte Bardot;women
Men should only believe half of what women say. But which half?;Jean Giraudoux;women
I think today women are very scared to celebrate themselves, because then they just get labeled.;Charlize Theron;women
The first problem for all of us, men and women, is not to learn, but to unlearn.;Gloria Steinem;women
It is easier for women to succeed in business, the arts, and politics in America than in Europe.;Hedy Lamarr;women
What we women need to do, instead of worrying about what we don't have, is just love what we do have.;Cameron Diaz;women
On the whole, I think women wear too much and are to fussy. You can't see the person for all the clutter.;Julie Andrews;women
I demanded more rights for women because I know what women had to put up with.;Evita Peron;women
Men and women, women and men. It will never work.;Erica Jong;women
To understand how any society functions you must understand the relationship between the men and the women.;Angela Davis;women
America is a land where men govern, but women rule.;John Mason Brown;women
All women's issues are to some degree men's issues and all men's issues are to some degree women's issues because when either sex wins unilaterally both sexes lose.;Warren Farrell;women
I grew up in the Bronx where you would stay up late with your girlfriends, just being silly in our bedrooms, whatever. And I was always the clown.;Jennifer Lopez;women
They say that women talk too much. If you have worked in Congress you know that the filibuster was invented by men.;Clare Boothe Luce;women
In life, single women are the most vulnerable adults. In movies, they are given imaginary power.;Elizabeth Wurtzel;women
The connections between and among women are the most feared, the most problematic, and the most potentially transforming force on the planet.;Adrienne Rich;women
When anything goes, it's women who lose.;Camille Paglia;women
Women love always: when earth slips from them, they take refuge in heaven.;George Sand;women
In politics women type the letters, lick the stamps, distribute the pamphlets and get out the vote. Men get elected.;Clare Boothe Luce;women
Women may not have it easy, but we are given a fairer chance to reach for the top.;Jessica Savitch;women
Women will never be as successful as men because they have no wives to advise them.;Dick Van Dyke;women
People don't want to see women doing things they don't think women should do.;Joan Jett;women
It's incredibly unfair. You don't see a lot of 60-year-old women with 20-year-old men onscreen.;George Clooney;women
In love, women are professionals, men are amateurs.;Francois Truffaut;women
If men knew all that women think, they would be twenty times more audacious.;Alphonse Karr;women
For women's tears are but the sweat of eyes.;Juvenal;women
Women have been called queens for a long time, but the kingdom given them isn't worth ruling.;Louisa May Alcott;women
Men are allowed to have passion and commitment for their work... a woman is allowed that feeling for a man, but not her work.;Barbra Streisand;women
Why is it men are permitted to be obsessed about their work, but women are only permitted to be obsessed about men?;Barbra Streisand;women
A man who graduated high in his class at Yale Law School and made partnership in a top law firm would be celebrated. A man who invested wisely would be admired, but a woman who accomplishes this is treated with suspicion.;Barbra Streisand;women
You can't raise the standard of women's morals by raising their pay envelope. It lies deeper than that.;Billy Sunday;women
Women are incredible in groups together. Terrifying. Men have nothing on them.;Michael Hutchence;women
When men reach their sixties and retire, they go to pieces. Women go right on cooking.;Gail Sheehy;women
Intimacies between women often go backwards, beginning in revelations and ending in small talk.;Elizabeth Bowen;women
And I think women have come a very, very long way, but they have a long way to go.;Lara Flynn Boyle;women
Nature makes woman to be won and men to win.;George William Curtis;women
A lot of women say they love being pregnant, but I wasn't such a big fan.;Marion Jones;women
I think women are excellent social critics.;Laurie Anderson;women
The appalling thing is the degree of charity women are capable of. You see it all the time... love lavished on absolute fools. Love's a charity ward, you know.;Lawrence Durrell;women
Women today have more of an overview of their lives and how marriage is or is not a part of it.;Helen Reddy;women
I believe women still face a glass ceiling that must be shattered.;Andrew Cuomo;women
Women like to sit down with trouble - as if it were knitting.;Ellen Glasgow;women
I'll always prefer to play with women and hang out with women, and I'll always be a feminist.;Courtney Love;women
Women are frightening. If you get to 41 as a man, you're quite battle-scarred.;Hugh Grant;women
All issues are women's issues - and there are several that are just women's business.;Eddie Bernice Johnson;women
Women have a predestination to suffering.;Bela Lugosi;women
