Testing oneself is best when done alone.;Jimmy Carter;alone
Had the United States and the United Kingdom gone on alone to capture Baghdad, under the provisions of the Geneva and Hague conventions we would have been considered occupying powers and therefore would have been responsible for all the costs of maintaining or restoring government, education and other services for the people of Iraq.;Norman Schwarzkopf;alone
Now suddenly there was nothing but a world of cloud, and we three were there alone in the middle of a great white plain with snowy hills and mountains staring at us and it was very still but there were whispers.;Black Elk;alone
Look, if I were alone in the world, I would have the right to choose despair, solitude and self-fulfillment. But I am not alone.;Elie Wiesel;alone
For me, growing up, the downside of it was that as a kid you don't want to stand out. You don't want to have a famous father let alone get a job because of your famous father, you know? But I'm a product of nepotism. That's how I got my foot in the door, through my dad.;Jeff Bridges;alone
While the resurrection promises us a new and perfect life in the future, God loves us too much to leave us alone to contend with the pain, guilt and loneliness of our present life.;Josh McDowell;alone
The most terrifying thing I can think of is being alone - and I mean utterly alone, like no one else in the world alone - at night. That's the nucleus of the first story in my collection and it's also where the title came from for the book.;Paul Kane;alone
No one ever said on their deathbed, 'Gee, I wish I had spent more time alone with my computer'.;Danielle Berry;alone
Love alone could waken love.;Pearl S. Buck;alone
I never did anything alone. Whatever was accomplished in this country was accomplished collectively.;Golda Meir;alone
There's a lot of people out there who go through hard times, and they feel alone. They feel like nobody is there. But I'm in the same boat.;Brandy Norwood;alone
I need, absolutely, to be alone.;Jeanne Moreau;alone
If Galileo had said in verse that the world moved, the inquisition might have let him alone.;Thomas Hardy;alone
Even if I have to stand alone, I will not be afraid to stand alone. I'm going to fight for you. I'm going to fight for what's right. I'm going to fight to hold people accountable.;Barbara Boxer;alone
I have an internal protectiveness where it's like, if it comes to just me, as frightened as I am of losing someone I love or things going sour or simply being alone, there is a dark place in my brain where I'm like, It could happen and I'm okay, I'm prepared.;Lena Headey;alone
I live alone, with cats, books, pictures, fresh vegetables to cook, the garden, the hens to feed.;Jeanette Winterson;alone
On stage, I make love to 25,000 different people, then I go home alone.;Janis Joplin;alone
Alone I'm nothing.;Robert Plant;alone
I have a huge, active imagination, and I think I'm really scared of being alone because if I'm left to my own devices, I'll just turn into a madwoman.;Claire Danes;alone
I don't like being in houses alone.;Martin Scorsese;alone
Our world is so glutted with useless information, images, useless images, sounds, all this sort of thing. It's a cacophony, it's like a madness I think that's been happening in the past twenty-five years. And I think anything that can help a person sit in a room alone and not worry about it is good.;Martin Scorsese;alone
Happiness is spiritual, born of truth and love. It is unselfish therefore it cannot exist alone, but requires all mankind to share it.;Mary Baker Eddy;alone
You could say, in a vulgar Freudian way, that I am the unhappy child who escapes into books. Even as a child, I was most happy being alone. This has not changed.;Slavoj Zizek;alone
Can anyone understand how it is to have lived in the White House and then, suddenly, to be living alone as the President's widow?;Jackie Kennedy;alone
I'm very shy really. I spend a lot of time in my room alone reading or writing or watching television.;Johnny Cash;alone
I have no time for those who say there is no way Scotland could go it alone. I know first-hand the contribution Scotland and Scots make to Britain's success - so for me there's no question about whether Scotland could be an independent nation.;David Cameron;alone
Comics, for me, is being able to sing alone in the shower. I find it freeing. You just pick up a pen and get to it.;Shia LaBeouf;alone
If I was writing songs just for me I'd only play them in my living room, alone.;Tori Amos;alone
The principal contributor to loneliness in this country is television. What happens is that the family 'gets together' alone.;Ashley Montagu;alone
And I find - I'm 63, and my capacity to be by myself and just spend time by myself hasn't diminished any. That's the necessary part of being a writer, you better like being alone.;John Irving;alone
You have to have enough respect for other human beings to leave their lives alone. If you admire that life, build it for yourself. Don't just try to come in and take somebody else's life.;Elizabeth Edwards;alone
Life's an awfully lonesome affair. You come into the world alone and you go out of the world alone yet it seems to me you are more alone while living than even going and coming.;Emily Carr;alone
Friends are very important to me, and I have always had many of them. There are probably many reasons why this is so, but two seem to me more valid than any of the others I am a naturally friendly person, and I hate to be alone.;Georg Solti;alone
The prospect of success in achieving our most cherished dream is not without its terrors. Who is more deprived and alone than the man who has achieved his dream?;Brendan Francis;alone
It is clear that not in one thing alone, but in many ways equality and freedom of speech are a good thing.;Herodotus;alone
Mass transportation is doomed to failure in North America because a person's car is the only place where he can be alone and think.;Marshall McLuhan;alone
The majority does not rule in America, but the minority shouldn't hijack it. And it's because we're afraid. They have isolated us and made us feel as though we're alone. We're not.;Glenn Beck;alone
Belief is nothing but a more vivid, lively, forcible, firm, steady conception of an object, than what the imagination alone is ever able to attain.;David Hume;alone
You can't walk alone. Many have given the illusion, but none have really walked alone. Man is not made that way. Each man is bedded in his people, their history, their culture, and their values.;Peter Abrahams;alone
The primary distinction of the artist is that he must actively cultivate that state which most men, necessarily, must avoid the state of being alone.;James Baldwin;alone
I've always had a huge fear of dying or becoming ill. The thing I'm most afraid of, though, is being alone, which I think a lot of performers fear. It's why we seek the limelight - so we're not alone, were adored. We're loved, so people want to be around us. The fear of being alone drives my life.;Jennifer Lopez;alone
We can recognize the dawn and the decline of love by the uneasiness we feel when alone together.;Jean de la Bruyere;alone
We neither laugh alone, nor weep alone, why then should we pray alone?;Anna Letitia Barbauld;alone
Where I come from, it was a heresy to say you wanted to be in movies, leave alone American movies.;Daniel Day-Lewis;alone
Man does not live by words alone, despite the fact that sometimes he has to eat them.;Adlai E. Stevenson;alone
Journalists do not live by words alone, although sometimes they have to eat them.;Adlai E. Stevenson;alone
But there comes a moment in everybody's life when he must decide whether he'll live among the human beings or not - a fool among fools or a fool alone.;Thornton Wilder;alone
All we ask is to be let alone.;Jefferson Davis;alone
I can't really define it in sexual terms alone although our sexuality is so energizing why not enjoy it too?;Audre Lorde;alone
As strong as the United States is, we can't deal with terrorism alone.;Madeleine Albright;alone
I love my friends and family, but I also love it when they can't find me and I can spend all day reading or walking all alone, in silence, eight thousand miles away from everyone. All alone and unreachable in a foreign country is one my most favorite possible things to be.;Elizabeth Gilbert;alone
Work alone will efface the footsteps of work.;James Whistler;alone
A steady patriot of the world alone, The friend of every country but his own.;George Canning;alone
I get a friend to travel with me... I need somebody to bring me back to who I am. It's hard to be alone.;Leonardo DiCaprio;alone
The average Nigerian person has come to reconcile himself with the fact that his or her social progress remain essentially in his or her hands in collaboration with other fellow Nigerians and not merely relying on what government alone could provide for him or her.;Ibrahim Babangida;alone
I have never been able to grasp the meaning of time. I don't believe it exists. I've felt this again and again, when alone and out in nature. On such occasions, time does not exist. Nor does the future exist.;Thor Heyerdahl;alone
And what's more I've got no need for anyone to tell me how to do it. I am not interested. You act how you want to and leave me alone to do my own thing.;Olivier Martinez;alone
U2 is an original species... there are colours and feelings and emotional terrain that we occupy that is ours and ours alone.;Bono;alone
No one else can take risks for us, or face our losses on our behalf, or give us self-esteem. No one can spare us from life's slings and arrows, and when death comes, we meet it alone.;Martha Beck;alone
I don't like to work with assistants. I'm already one too many the camera alone would be enough.;Alfred Eisenstaedt;alone
I want to be alone and work until the day my heads hits the drawing table and I'm dead. Kaput. I feel very much like I want to be with my brother and sister again. They're nowhere. I know they're nowhere and they don't exist, but if nowhere means that's where they are, that's where I want to be.;Maurice Sendak;alone
Simply by not owning three medium-sized castles in Tuscany I have saved enough money in the last forty years on insurance premiums alone to buy a medium-sized castle in Tuscany.;Ludwig Mies van der Rohe;alone
Men, even when alone, lighten their labors by song, however rude it may be.;Quintilian;alone
I once had a boyfriend who couldn't write unless he was wearing a necktie and a dress shirt, which I thought was really weird, because this was a long time ago, and no one I knew ever wore dress shirts, let alone neckties it was like he was a grown-up reenacter or something.;Susan Orlean;alone
When we dream alone it is only a dream, but when many dream together it is the beginning of a new reality.;Friedensreich Hundertwasser;alone
Unhappy, let alone angry, religious people provide more persuasive arguments for atheism and secularism than do all the arguments of atheists.;Dennis Prager;alone
If the First Amendment means anything, it means that a state has no business telling a man, sitting alone in his house, what books he may read or what films he may watch.;Thurgood Marshall;alone
The history of philosophy is not, like the history of the sciences, to be studied with the intellect alone. That which is receptive in us and that which impinges upon us from history is the reality of man's being, unfolding itself in thought.;Karl Jaspers;alone
I'm a dad, and I no longer see a way for my kids to even inherit the money that I'm making, let alone go out there, have an idea, and create it in their own lifetime.;Glenn Beck;alone
It's kind of awkward to eat alone in a restaurant because everybody's looking at me.;Louis C. K.;alone
Be able to live alone, even if you don't want to and think you will never find it necessary.;Marilyn vos Savant;alone
The age in which we live, this non-stop distraction, is making it more impossible for the young generation to ever have the curiosity or discipline... because you need to be alone to find out anything.;Vivienne Westwood;alone
I think more and more people want to live alone. You can be a couple without being in each other's pockets. I don't see why you have to share the same bathroom.;Jeanne Moreau;alone
I absolutely relate to being alone in squalor, trying to come up with something adequate. I relate to that, and I've been known to crawl out of bed and drink out of a 2-liter bottle of Diet Coke.;Diablo Cody;alone
After all my various relationships I find myself now home alone.;Francesca Annis;alone
Deliberation is the work of many men. Action, of one alone.;Charles de Gaulle;alone
Worse there cannot be a better, I believe, there may be, by giving energy to the capital and skill of the country to produce exports, by increasing which, alone, can we flatter ourselves with the prospect of finding employment for that part of our population now unemployed.;Joseph Hume;alone
War alone brings up to their highest tension all human energies and imposes the stamp of nobility upon the peoples who have the courage to make it.;Benito Mussolini;alone
I never knew I'd be in a musical, let alone win an award for one.;Nicole Kidman;alone
Happy the man, and happy he alone, he who can call today his own he who, secure within, can say, tomorrow do thy worst, for I have lived today.;John Dryden;alone
For the last third of life there remains only work. It alone is always stimulating, rejuvenating, exciting and satisfying.;Doris Lessing;alone
I got a lot of problems, but I'm really good at intuiting what I need to do to be happy with whatever I create. I know when to stop myself, I know when to start, I know when to leave something alone. I guess I just kind of indulge that completely, and so I just take my time.;Fiona Apple;alone
It's important for moms to have alone time. However, that's the first thing that goes on a busy day. Fortunately for me, because of my job, I have to find the time to do it. At least that's the way my mind sees it.;Cindy Crawford;alone
We cannot remember too often that when we observe nature, and especially the ordering of nature, it is always ourselves alone we are observing.;Georg C. Lichtenberg;alone
Photography, alone of the arts, seems perfected to serve the desire humans have for a moment - this very moment - to stay.;Sam Abell;alone
In Turkey, you're not allowed to be left alone in the hospital. The nurse teaches the family how to do things, and somebody is always there with the patient.;Mehmet Oz;alone
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is a reality.;Yoko Ono;alone
Death is the mother of Beauty hence from her, alone, shall come fulfillment to our dreams and our desires.;Wallace Stevens;alone
In Sleep we lie all naked and alone, in Sleep we are united at the heart of night and darkness, and we are strange and beautiful asleep for we are dying the darkness and we know no death.;Thomas Wolfe;alone
Schizophrenia beats dining alone.;Oscar Levant;alone
When one by one our ties are torn, and friend from friend is snatched forlorn when man is left alone to mourn, oh! then how sweet it is to die!;Anna Letitia Barbauld;alone
When I get into bed at night, I hope I don't get into it alone!;Calvin Klein;alone
You need a whole community to raise a child. I have raised two children, alone.;Toni Morrison;alone
An American, a Negro... two souls, two thoughts, two unreconciled strivings two warring ideals in one dark body, whose dogged strength alone keeps it from being torn asunder.;W. E. B. Du Bois;alone
Weird people follow you in the streets, you can't sit alone in a restaurant or a cafe and read a book in peace, and I think everybody values those moments of being alone.;Winona Ryder;alone
It may, however, be said that the level of experience to which concepts are inapplicable cannot yield any knowledge of a universal character, for concepts alone are capable of being socialized.;Muhammad Iqbal;alone
Inductive reason, which alone makes man master of his environment, is an achievement and when once born it must be reinforced by inhibiting the growth of other modes of knowledge.;Muhammad Iqbal;alone
I'm so accustomed to being alone.;Leighton Meester;alone
When I'm alone, I work sometimes with music, sometimes without and sometimes just listening to NPR.;Mikhail Baryshnikov;alone
