It is not unprofessional to give free legal advice, but advertising that the first visit will be free is a bit like a fox telling chickens he will not bite them until they cross the threshold of the hen house.;Warren E. Burger;legal
To play a lawyer and have one year of law school under your belt, you sort of know what you're talking about! I'm able to memorize the legal courtroom stuff a lot faster than I would have been able to otherwise.;Jerry O'Connell;legal
I later spent... five to eight months in hospitals in New Jersey, always on an involuntary basis, and always attempting a legal argument for release.;John Forbes Nash, Jr.;legal
Dad worked his entire career as an aviation technician. Mom was a legal secretary who became a teacher. We lived a simple American life.;Brian Sandoval;legal
In regards to The Haunting, people compared it to the old movie, which is unfair. We didn't have the rights to the movie. I couldn't duplicate a single thing because that would have been legal infringement.;Jan de Bont;legal
We must make immigration a legal, orderly process to eliminate this issue, not further criminalize it.;Jose Serrano;legal
There are half a billion people that listen to music online and the vast majority are doing so illegally. But if we bring those people over to the legal side and Spotify, what is going to happen is we are going to double the music industry and that will lead to more artists creating great new music.;Daniel Ek;legal
There are millions of people who consume music illegally every month. Just getting them into a legal service will make the music industry way bigger than it's ever been before.;Daniel Ek;legal
I think we Americans, of all people, understand the importance of a good, legal, constitutional framework as the basis of political life.;Paul Bremer;legal
Meth is too easy to make, and unfortunately right now all the ingredients need to make this highly addictive drug are legal and readily available to those who want to cook it up and sell it to our children.;Michael McCaul;legal
But if we get to the point where more people do not believe in a God than who do believe in God, we will have a hollow legal system - we will have something without heart.;Lee Greenwood;legal
I'm overly excited to finally announce this amazing global partnership deal back home with EMI Music. I know I have mentioned doing music in the past but for legal reasons I was not in a position to release any new music.;Melanie Brown;legal
There is no room for legal hair-splitting when it comes to the humane treatment of detainees - not in a nation founded on the rule of law and respect for human rights.;Dick Durbin;legal
I think the issue is that Americans traveling abroad if gotten into legal problems should have access to a fair trial and an impartial tribunal.;Maria Cantwell;legal
Vigorous enforcement of copyrights themselves is an important part of the picture. But I don't think that expanding the legal definition of copyright outside of actual copyright infringement is the right move.;Edward Felten;legal
It was not possible to broadcast any of that because of an agreement between Jackson and the family. Our legal advice was that we could not broadcast it.;Martin Bashir;legal
Supercookies are legal, but I don't think they should be.;Joe Barton;legal
I feel like there was justice. It was served through the legal system you know. Everything that I endured. It was all worth it.;Amber Frey;legal
I have strongly rejected the proposal to pardon and transfer her to the United States. I do not have the legal power to pardon terrorists and even if I did, I would not use it.;Alberto Fujimori;legal
Understand that legal and illegal are political, and often arbitrary, categorizations use and abuse are medical, or clinical, distinctions.;Abbie Hoffman;legal
It is true that the aristocracies seem to have abused their monopoly of legal knowledge and at all events their exclusive possession of the law was a formidable impediment to the success of those popular movements which began to be universal in the western world.;Henry James Sumner Maine;legal
I guess music, particularly the blues, is the only form of schizophrenia that has organised itself into being both legal and beneficial to society.;Alexis Korner;legal
My job is to interpret the law based on how the legislature and the court has done it and then, of course, to use our system of justice to develop some new legal tools and new concepts.;Bill Scott;legal
We're involved right now in some very significant legal battles and it would be the wrong thing for me to do to step out in the middle of those battles.;Bill Scott;legal
I believe that President Clinton considered the legal merits of the arguments for the pardon as he understood them, and he rendered his judgment, wise or unwise, on the merits.;John Podesta;legal
In my book, I detail the critical information we obtained from al Qaeda terrorists after they became compliant following a short period of enhanced interrogation. I have no doubt that that interrogation was legal, necessary and saved lives.;Jose A. Rodriguez, Jr.;legal
We knew that if the photos of CIA officers conducting authorized EIT (enhanced interrogation techniques) ever got out, the difference between a legal, authorized, necessary, and safe program and the mindless actions of some MPs (military police) would be buried by the impact of the images.;Jose A. Rodriguez, Jr.;legal
Drones can be a highly effective way of dealing with high-priority targets, but they should not become the drug of choice for an administration that is afraid to use successful, legal and safe tactics of the past.;Jose A. Rodriguez, Jr.;legal
People talk of me as being the inventor of the legal thriller.;Scott Turow;legal
I hope gay marriage will be legal in every state.;Mark Consuelos;legal
Companies shouldn't use the law to prevent consumers from doing something legal.;Jon Johansen;legal
I object to a legal approach when settling questions of science or scientific behavior.;Serge Lang;legal
I'm not a lawyer, and maybe I should have used more specific legal language.;Sonny Bono;legal
I have a book coming out in September, for example, where the plot concerns counterfeiting, and I had to do a lot of research on that. Or on any legal matters, for example, I have to do a lot of research online.;Evan Hunter;legal
For centuries we have been living in the society where not laws but people ruled, where there was no legal state.;Nursultan Nazarbayev;legal
There are obviously legal restrictions on what you can do on TV in the States, as there are everywhere.;Dave Rowntree;legal
While there continues to be differences, the important point is that all citizens and elected officials use democratic and legal avenues for solving those differences.;Boris Trajkovski;legal
It is curious that, with my somewhat antinomian tendencies, I should have gone to Trinity Hall - which was, and is, before all a Law College - and should thus have been thrown into close touch with the legal element in life.;Edward Carpenter;legal
I don't plan on going back to legal work. I wanted an international career, and finance seemed to be where some interesting career opportunities were.;Nick Johnson;legal
So, I'm getting less chips, paying the same amount of money. Is that legal for them to do this?;Julie Chen;legal
Unless you have a perception of who you are as a lawyer, you will never be at ease in dealing with legal matters, clients, or courts. But if you know who you are and why you're there, all you need is the expertise and the information.;Samuel Dash;legal
The right to a trial is a core principle of the American legal system. Depriving Americans of these essential liberties undermines the Constitution while doing nothing to strengthen our national security.;John Garamendi;legal
We need to be discussing issues specifically to help the American people. And that would not include illegal aliens. These are people - I'm for immigration - legal immigration. I've been an immigration attorney. But people who have come to our country and violated laws, we should not be providing full health care services.;Joe Wilson;legal
Each day, each one of us chooses not to do many things that would be legal but offensive to those around us.;Ralph Peters;legal
Imam Rauf and his backers have every legal right to build their extravagant Islamic center within the lethal radius of Ground Zero. But the rest of us have the right to question why they insist on doing so.;Ralph Peters;legal
And books that were published in much larger numbers than Selfish, Little are hard to find. And publishers who wanted to publish my last few works have them stuck in limbo while new distribution ideas and legal issues and fears are blown away.;Peter Sotos;legal
Crime and legal stories, broadly speaking, are just where my interest happens to lie.;William Landay;legal
We all know how powerful the web can be for raising political money. Well, if you're game, the Duke Cunningham Legal Defense Fund is apparently ready to accept your donation.;Joshua Micah Marshall;legal
Coercion may prevent many transgressions but it robs even actions which are legal of a part of their beauty. Freedom may lead to many transgressions, but it lends even to vices a less ignoble form.;Wilhelm von Humboldt;legal
I love the new legal immigrants they want their kids to be safe just like I do.;Lou Barletta;legal
The ingestion of brain-altering chemicals - legal or illegal - cannot be categorized as good stewardship of our earthly lives.;Salvatore J. Cordileone;legal
In places where marriage's core meaning has been altered through legal action, officials are beginning to target for punishment those believers and churches that refuse to adapt.;Salvatore J. Cordileone;legal
I would expect illegal alien parents to take care of their children. If it means the kids go back home with them, that's what happens. If it means there are legal relatives in the United States that can take care of them, that can happen to. But I believe it's the parents responsibility to take care of the kids.;Mo Brooks;legal
Literature is made upon any occasion that a challenge is put to the legal apparatus by conscience in touch with humanity.;Nelson Algren;legal
My strengths as a businessman lie in the design and sale of women's shoes, and I have never been comfortable with complicated or technical legal or business documents.;Steve Madden;legal
I will do everything by apply with all the legal and apply with the rule of law. And the main important thing that I have to be fairness to everyone, not just only one person.;Yingluck Shinawatra;legal
So the news that divorced fathers are to be denied a legal right to a relationship with their children, in the long overdue review of family law published this week, fills me with horror and despair.;Louis de Bernieres;legal
We should not blur the lines between legal and illegal immigrants. Millions of people around the world have gone through the process to come here legally and they followed the rules that required them to pay a fee, learn English, and learn about American history and government.;Ken Calvert;legal
Nearly every study shows that competition from cheap foreign labor undercuts the wages of American workers and legal immigrants.;Lamar S. Smith;legal
A free and open Internet should not have to be weighed down by legal challenges - its dynamism is essential to our economy.;Anna Eshoo;legal
Class action lawsuits are an important part of our legal system. All citizens should have the right to band together and settle grievances with bigger companies, but that system is broken and it needs fixing.;Thomas Carper;legal
These are people who haven't gone through the legal means to becoming citizens like our forefathers did. They want all the benefits but none of the responsibilities.;Matt Dillon;legal
Italy advocates the adoption of a legal instrument on cultural diversity, guaranteeing every country the protection of its own historical identity and the uniqueness of its physical and intangible cultural heritage.;Carlo Azeglio Ciampi;legal
I have a problem with censorship by the lawyer - by legal people by the publishing firm, and I may be changing publishers. They don't seem to want to take too many risks with living people.;Kenneth Anger;legal
Today, corruption has won and justice has lost. I brought corruption cases in good faith involving powerful people, and the political and legal establishment blatantly covered up and retaliated by targeting my law license.;Andrew Thomas;legal
We do not believe voters gave President Bush a mandate to turn back the clock decades on so many of our legal protections.;Ralph Neas;legal
Even those who, like me, believe that Roe v. Wade and the decisions elaborating on reproductive rights were constitutionally correct must recognize that, for many on the right, the sudden and relatively sloppily reasoned character of the abortion rulings... did real damage to the Court's reputation as a relatively neutral arbiter of legal disputes.;Laurence Tribe;legal
Not a problem kid or anything like that so when you're in the legal system like that, it's always hard on a person for the first time to go through some things like that.;Leonard Little;legal
Daley may not feel a moral responsibility to eliminate discrimination but he has a legal obligation to do so.;Bobby Rush;legal
The legal right of a taxpayer to decrease the amount of what otherwise would be his taxes, or altogether avoid them, by means which the law permits, cannot be doubted.;George Sutherland;legal
The president, just as any other American, deserves a legal defense against personal lawsuits not related to his office. But the costs of that defense should be borne by him and not the taxpayer.;Ben Nighthorse Campbell;legal
The work is challenging, interesting and an important part of our legal system.;David Minge;legal
On behalf of NARAL Pro-Choice America - and our one million member activists - I am honored to be here to talk to you about what's at stake for women in 2012. I am proud to say that the Democratic Party believes that women have the right to choose a safe, legal abortion with dignity and privacy.;Nancy Keenan;legal
We got a little waylaid along the way. The whole problem started about 10 years ago with management and legal battles, then still trying to make albums while I was doing all of that.;Pat Travers;legal
We believe the use of force against Iraq, especially with reference to previous resolutions of the UN Security Council, has no grounds, including legal grounds.;Igor Ivanov;legal
By the fulfillment of my legal and moral duty I think I have earned punishment just as little as the tens of thousands of dutiful German officials who have now been imprisoned only because they carried out their duties.;Wilhelm Frick;legal
Does the imam have a legal right to build the mosque at Ground Zero? The answer is yes. But is it the right thing to do? The answer is no. And most Americans, and most moderate Muslims, join with me in that call.;Kilari Anand Paul;legal
Together with a team of financial and legal experts I have spent months exploring all possible alternatives to bankruptcy but to no avail.;Shane Filan;legal
I did this within a philosophical framework, and a moral and legal framework. And I have been turned into a cartoon of the greatest villain in the history of lobbying.;Jack Abramoff;legal
Well, I think the great tragedy in American politics is what is legal, not what is illegal.;Jack Abramoff;legal
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.;Robert Frost;life
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.;Buddha;life
Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too.;Will Smith;life
Life is a song - sing it. Life is a game - play it. Life is a challenge - meet it. Life is a dream - realize it. Life is a sacrifice - offer it. Life is love - enjoy it.;Sai Baba;life
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.;George Bernard Shaw;life
When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left, and could say, 'I used everything you gave me'.;Erma Bombeck;life
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life define yourself.;Harvey Fierstein;life
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.;William James;life
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.;Mark Twain;life
I still find each day too short for all the thoughts I want to think, all the walks I want to take, all the books I want to read, and all the friends I want to see.;John Burroughs;life
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.;Albert Camus;life
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;life
Life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor.;Sholom Aleichem;life
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.;John F. Kennedy;life
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.;Confucius;life
How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and strong. Because someday in your life you will have been all of these.;George Washington Carver;life
The truth is you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride, and nothing is guaranteed.;Eminem;life
Open your eyes, look within. Are you satisfied with the life you're living?;Bob Marley;life
Life is what happens while you are busy making other plans.;John Lennon;life
