My very best friend died in a car accident when I was 16 years old. That was the hardest blow emotionally that I have ever had to endure. Suddenly, you realize tomorrow might not come. Now I live by the motto, 'Today is what I have.';Amber Heard;car
I grew up in Texas, and people love their American-made muscle cars there. I grew up around people who loved cars and took care of cars and my dad's a big car nut, so I learned a little bit about cars - how to love them, most importantly. I think that from the time I could remember, I've always envisioned myself in a vintage muscle car.;Amber Heard;car
We talked about many issues, like welfare, is it the way of life or hand up? Talked about size of government, how much should it tax families and small businesses? And when we left that lunch, we got in the car and I looked over at Chuck and said, 'I'll be damned. we're Republicans.';Susana Martinez;car
Sometimes I feel like I'm not only the engine but the caboose. I have to be in the front car and pull forward, and at the same time run around behind and push everybody along with me.;Sandra Lee;car
That's what I love. Not being interrupted, sitting in a car by myself and listening to music in the rain. There are so many great songs yet to sing.;Alison Krauss;car
I know I will die in a car crash.;Katie Price;car
I married a pretty famous girl, and when we drive through town there's usually a car following us, when I walk out of my front door in Chelsea there's six guys waiting for me.;Kevin Pietersen;car
I've tried everything other than jumping out of a plane, but nothing gives you an adrenaline rush like racing a car.;Nigel Mansell;car
I take cabs if I need to get somewhere or I take car service. I don't drive, I wouldn't mind riding a bike... People think that because you become an entertainer you gotta have this rock star thug image. I'm an artist, man. I'm going to live like an artist.;ASAP Rocky;car
The energy of the crowd is insane. Twenty thousand people. It's the biggest jolt of adrenaline. It's very hard to explain. You know the old story about the woman lifting the car off her kid? It's in that realm. You can actually hurt yourself and not know it.;Tom Petty;car
The first time I rode a bike I was four or five. I crashed into the back of a car.;David Millar;car
If one's honest about it, spending time in a car with children is pretty ghastly.;Arabella Weir;car
I lived on the top of one hill and the school was at the top of another hill. Nobody ever went to school by car - we didn't have any cars during the war. So that to and from school was itself a training.;Roger Bannister;car
It's a tricky place, especially the last sector. I wasn't happy in practice. I wasn't happy with the car and I wasn't happy with myself. But I always thought there was more in the car.;Sebastian Vettel;car
Qualifying is all about putting everything that you have and that the car has in one lap. It's like a rush, I really enjoy that.;Sebastian Vettel;car
All in all it was a smooth race, the car was very well balanced. I'm very proud to be the first winner here in India.;Sebastian Vettel;car
There is no secret, once we go to qualifying, we all seem to enjoy it. Qualifying is all about putting everything that you have and that the car has in one lap. It's like a rush, I really enjoy that.;Sebastian Vettel;car
When you walk the track and you see a corner and realise you were going round it at 160mph, you wonder who could be so stupid to take a corner at that speed. But in the car, you don't even think about that.;Sebastian Vettel;car
Simply racing a Formula 1 car is an achievement.;Sebastian Vettel;car
We always kept believing in ourselves and our team and the car.;Sebastian Vettel;car
I could never drive in a great big car people like me because I'm a man of the people, a hustler.;Terry McAuliffe;car
Life's too short when you find yourself sitting in a car for four hours every day trying to get from East L.A. to West L.A. to Hollywood and then back to East L.A.;Garrett Hedlund;car
I was an economics major in college, and every summer after school, I would drive my car from California, from Claremont men's college at the time, to New York. And I worked on Wall Street.;Henry Kravis;car
Divorced men are more likely to meet their car payments than their child support obligations.;Susan Faludi;car
I'm carded for R-rated movies. And I get talked down to a lot. When I try to go rent a car or buy an airplane ticket or other stuff adults do, I get 'Okaaaaaay, honey.' I remember when I was 18, getting crayons in a restaurant.;Kristen Bell;car
When I climb into my car, I enter my destination into a GPS device, whose spatial memory supplants my own. I have photographs to store the images I want to remember, books to store knowledge and now, thanks to Google, I rarely have to remember anything more than the right set of search terms to access humankind's collective memory.;Joshua Foer;car
I own stock, and I also insure my car with Geico.;Ernie Banks;car
My next adventure will be being in a car with Mischa at the wheel.;Rachel Bilson;car
A few years ago I was at a party and this guy threw me over his shoulder, ran across the street, put me in his car, and stuck his tongue in my mouth.;Rachel Bilson;car
People go to car races to watch the crashes.;Johnny Knoxville;car
Everybody has a gun in their car in Detroit.;Jim Harrison;car
A woman is gentle, soft, delicate, and a man's position is to protect her, help her up stairs, make sure she's in the car safely first. Take good care of your woman, and the sky's the limit!;Taraji P. Henson;car
I'm a crazy car guy. I've got an airplane hangar full of cars.;Paul Walker;car
You know, if you're Guy Kawasaki and you create a car that gets 500 miles a gallon with zero emissions, people on the Internet would say: 'I could have done that in half an hour, and it's been done before. What's the big deal? I expected something more from him.' Meanwhile, they didn't do it, right? They're still living at home with their mothers.;Guy Kawasaki;car
We should tell our kids to just have fun, participate and not get bent on winning or losing. But every coach, when they say that, they say it tongue in cheek, 'Don't worry about winning': If you win I'll get you ice cream, but if you lose I'm going to pout in the car.;Bode Miller;car
It's so funny looking back, but my so-called overnight success actually took 15 years. I remember when I didn't have any money, and my only car was mom's Hyundai.;Criss Angel;car
I have mentally overcome situations most of you would be terrified to ever attempt: heights, fire, needles, spiders, snakes, angry monkeys, being shot, being hit by a car, going blind - you name it, I have been in a situation where I have had to mentally overcome my inherent fears to do my job.;Criss Angel;car
I'm starting to think about things that I want to do, things that are fun. One of them is driving a car like a Porsche. I've driven a lot of cars - sedans, trucks and big family vehicles all year long. But there's nothing like a four-wheel-drive Porsche.;Kevin O'Leary;car
I drank a lot when I was a teenager and I don't drink any more, because that's when I thought, you know, I'm gonna end up a car wreck.;Kristin Davis;car
I'm a big potato chip girl. I don't like chocolate and cakes and all that, but I have to have my potato chips. I've got bags in the back of my car right now! But I never beat myself up about it, because, look: You can't give up every damn thing. You need something in your life that you like just because you like it!;NeNe Leakes;car
I've always been an avid reader. If I don't have a book in the car, I'll stop and pick one up just to have something to read. I don't even remember learning to read.;Janis Ian;car
My work is more about trying to ask good questions and not trying to come up with big shows. Every fashion company is doing that, every car company is doing that.;Laurie Anderson;car
Every song has a composer, every book has an author, every car has a maker, every painting has a painter, and every building has a builder. So it isn't irrational to take this simple logic a little further and say that nature must have had a Maker. It would be irrational to believe that it made itself.;Ray Comfort;car
Here's the thing that I think about life - if you manage to get into a space where you don't need that much, where the overhead of your life is not that great and you're pretty happy and relaxed without that much stuff, you are really liberated because you never have to say yes to something because you want another refrigerator or car!;Brit Marling;car
The biggest thrill a ballplayer can have is when your son takes after you. That happened when my Bobby was in his championship Little League game. He really showed me something. Struck out three times. Made an error that lost the game. Parents were throwing things at our car and swearing at us as we drove off. Gosh, I was proud.;Bob Uecker;car
I'd like to have the flying car, I think that'd be really cool.;Rupert Grint;car
Anyone can write a story based on the kind of horror where you see a guy in car and then there's the bad guy in the back seat. It's infantile to rely on that for telling a story. That's like going to bed and thinking there's a monster under your bed. It's silly.;Sergio Aragones;car
I always loved music. You know, my parents said I started singing when I was 4, in the car.;Bob Seger;car
I think fear is what keeps us from going over the edge. I mean, as a race car driver, I don't think what makes a good race car driver is a fearless person. I think it's somebody that is comfortable being behind the wheel of something that's somewhat out of control.;Jeff Gordon;car
I really enjoy not getting in a car and running errands on bikes.;Stone Gossard;car
To say that I am organized is an understatement, but my car tells a different story.;Emily Procter;car
I lived in small town out in the desert and my friend used to steal his mom's car in the middle of the night. He'd drive over to my house, I'd sneak out and we'd go out to the desert and just burn things down.;Mark Hoppus;car
So, I remember when I was a kid, I was waiting for my mom to come home when she was working late, and, you know, I was like, 'Oh my God, what happened to her? Is she OK? Did something happen to her getting in the car?' I was a little kid. But those are actually early onsets of anxiety.;Vinny Guadagnino;car
On my job I end up jumping out of planes. Last week I got in an 18-wheeler and drove down a runway onto a skid track. The week before that they put me in a car and sunk me to the bottom of a lake to see if I could escape without an oxygen tank.;Rick Mercer;car
In L.A., I don't really want to go out because traffic sucks so bad. I'm sorry, I'm not going to spend five hours a day in my car, so you have to choose where you live very carefully.;Holly Madison;car
I quit after a bad car accident. The thing about boxing is that you can be a star for five or six years, but when you go back to the old life, it's tough.;Olivier Martinez;car
A lot of the songs start with an image. I was sitting there playing the guitar and I pictured this old, dirty green car, with the window rolled down, in the hot, hot, hot Texas heat, and this beautiful woman I knew when I was a kid sitting behind the wheel, looking out at me.;Edie Brickell;car
I hate modern car radios. In my car, I don't even have a push-button radio. It's just got a dial and two knobs. Just AM. One knob makes it louder, and one knob changes the station. When you're driving, that's all I want.;Chris Isaak;car
I once went to one of those parties where everyone throws their car keys into the middle of the room. I don't know who got my moped, but I drove that Peugeot for years.;Victoria Wood;car
Come rain or shine I walk short distances rather than taking my car.;Sophie Ellis-Bextor;car
I think the Smart Car is awesome. The only problem is I've been on the freeway and felt like I was going to be blown away like a Tim Hortons coffee cup, so I may have to upgrade to a Mini Cooper - something a little stronger.;Ellen Page;car
The way you continue to be a successful business is you don't wait for the car to go off the cliff. You have to manage yourself. And make sure you do it in the right way so you are not making decisions in crisis.;Roger Goodell;car
We each own one car, and we have a reasonable house. It's a lovely place to be, but it's not extravagant.;Reese Witherspoon;car
As soon as I began to earn what might be called fairly large sums, I bought a car and began to explore the country around New York.;Kate Smith;car
If you saw a dog going to be crushed under a car, wouldn't you help him?;Oskar Schindler;car
One thing that worried me was how writers get categorized and so they end up having to write the same kind of book again and again. That is fine if it is what you want to do, but I would rather be locked in the trunk of my car with a weasel than write the same book every three years until I die.;Justin Cronin;car
I've worked as a labourer, driven taxis and school buses, and been a car mechanic - whatever I could do just to get by. But it does mean that I know a little bit about a lot of things.;Cory Monteith;car
What I enjoy doing more than anything is, I have my little antique car collection, and when the weather is pretty I like to get out one of my old cars. I have a little route I run down in the country, down Nachez Trace Parkway. The loop down through there is just really relaxing, not much traffic.;Alan Jackson;car
I am a horrible visual artist. I can't fix a car, sew, knit, cook, etc. Statistically, there is more I don't do than do.;Carrie Brownstein;car
The word 'geek' today does not mean what it used to mean. A geek isn't the skinny kid with a pocket protector and acne. There can be computer geeks, video game geeks, car geeks, military geeks, and sports geeks. Being a geek just means that you're passionate about something.;Olivia Munn;car
A geek isn't the skinny kid with a pocket protector and acne. There can be computer geeks, video game geeks, car geeks, military geeks, and sports geeks. Being a geek just means that you're passionate about something.;Olivia Munn;car
In the heat of the Russian summer a sleeping car is the most horrible instrument of martyrdom imaginable.;Manfred von Richthofen;car
When I grew up there wasn't air-conditioning or anything of that nature, and this old car had a wall thickness of about ten inches. So we had a little warmer house in the winter and a little cooler in the summer.;Merle Haggard;car
It sounds like something from a Woody Guthrie song, but it's true I was raised in a freight car.;Merle Haggard;car
There were times when I thought I would never own a car.;Victor Cruz;car
The image is where you have dinner at night, who you're seeing. It's what car you drive and how you dress. People in the industry sell that, and it creates a dream. There's nothing else.;Elle Macpherson;car
I'm the one who gets called up about a problem. I'm the one who gets called up about the street lighting and the abandoned car. I'm the one who gets blamed if the police don't arrive. I'm the one they blame if a city truck is broken down.;Richard M. Daley;car
You know, it's amazing. I don't even have a car, would you believe it? I had a motorbike and it got stolen last year. So I've got to buy another one of those, I suppose. I can treat myself to that.;Michael Fassbender;car
I always keep a ball in the car. You never know.;Hakeem Olajuwon;car
I've made movies that cost less than one car chase.;Sam Mendes;car
In 1950, when the Giants signed me, they gave me $15,000. I bought a 1950 Mercury. I couldn't drive, but I had it in the parking lot there, and everybody that could drive would drive the car. So it was like a community thing.;Willie Mays;car
Some people think my father was a spy, because of working for that government agency in Vietnam, but he can't find his car keys, much less keep a national secret.;Lauren Graham;car
All I want to know is that I can keep this house for the rest of my days and I want to make good music... and have the odd sports car in the garage, obviously!;Jay Kay;car
It's not a case of 'look at me in my car' it's more, 'look at the car'. I like the idea of other people enjoying them, because everything has become a bit faceless and nobody likes the motor car any more.;Jay Kay;car
I didn't get my first car until I was 22. It was a BMW 1602 and now I've got it back I'm waiting to restore it.;Jay Kay;car
All the times being like, 'Who rented this car and why are we going to this place?' You take the easy route and go, 'Oh, thanks for the champagne. I'll have another.';Rosario Dawson;car
The United Nations four or five years ago put out a study that said the meat industry, meat-eating, growing meat for food is the No. 1 killer of our planet - not No. 2 or No. 3: No 1. You know what's No. 2? Transportation. Everyone thinks that No. 1 is transportation, and goes out and buys a hybrid car. Screw the hybrid cars. Don't eat hamburgers.;Maggie Q;car
You cannot expect the guy who drove the car into the ditch to navigate it out of the ditch. You have to put a new driver in the seat. I'm not saying the new driver is going to be any better, but we need a new driver. Kerry is the only choice.;John Mellencamp;car
The idea that maybe you don't have to own a car if you only need one occasionally may catch on, just like time-sharing caught on in real estate.;Steve Case;car
I have always had this mentality because I hated to break anything on the car.;Alain Prost;car
One of my biggest problems this season was with the clutch at the start of the race. I hate to risk the car.;Alain Prost;car
I don't like to go over curbs, because I don't want to be hard on the car.;Alain Prost;car
You were not in control You had no visibility: maybe there was a car in front of you, maybe not.;Alain Prost;car
We have an uncanny ability to make birds do what we want them to do. In Blood Simple there's a shot from the bumper of a car and it's going up this road and a huge flock of birds takes off at the perfect moment.;Joel Coen;car
I took guitar a while back, and my heart wasn't in it at the time, but I'm ready to try it again. I sing in the car, at home - it's a huge part of my life, especially since I'm from Tennessee.;Lucy Hale;car
I love Lady Antebellum and Miranda Lambert - they write from the heart. But it's hard to find a country music lover in L.A. None of my friends really listen to it, and they hate getting in the car with me because I just blast Taylor Swift.;Lucy Hale;car
I definitely love that all these car brands are coming out with hybrid forms of every car that they have. It's very awesome because I think it does make a difference, and it doesn't hurt that you save a lot of money on gas.;Lucy Hale;car
I've always had an affinity and a passion for cars and that whole car culture.;Ludacris;car
Paul is Starsky, and I met him before shooting. He was very kind and encouraged us to go with what we wanted to do. It was very sweet to see them back with the car after 25 years.;Ben Stiller;car
