They say in the grave there is peace, and peace and the grave are one and the same.;Georg Buchner;peace
Water is always a support or a healing thing apart from, you know, love or peace of mind.;Nastassja Kinski;peace
Peace to the shacks! War on the palaces!;Georg Buchner;peace
But the deep desire for peace remained with the American people.;Paul Robeson;peace
Through the years I have received my share of recognition for efforts in the fields of sports, the arts, the struggle for full citizenship for the Negro people, labor's rights and the fight for peace.;Paul Robeson;peace
Aside from what it teaches you, there is simply the indescribable degree of peace that can be achieved on a sailing vessel at sea. I guess a combination of hard work and the seemingly infinite expanse of the sea - the profound solitude - that does it for me.;Billy Campbell;peace
We must join with the tens of millions all over the world who see in peace our most sacred responsibility.;Paul Robeson;peace
Secondly I would like to make continuous efforts of stabilising cross Strait relations, eventually reaching peace across the Taiwan strait and stability and security in the Asia Pacific region.;Chen Shui-bian;peace
For the victor peace means the preservation of the position of power which he has secured. For the vanquished it means resigning himself to the position left to him.;Gustav Stresemann;peace
As a privileged survivor of the First World War, I hope I may be allowed to interject here a deeply felt tribute to those who were not fortunate enough to succeed, but who shared the signal honor of trying to the last to salvage peace.;Rene Cassin;peace
With the help of dedicated Americans from our party, every party, and no party at all, I intend to mount that stairway to preach peace for our nation and world.;Theodore C. Sorensen;peace
But now Americans, they felt a sense of peace and protection because they've been separated by so many thousands of miles of ocean. And you know, the fact that it's come to the U.S. like this is so sad, and yet you know, what can you do? It's here.;Patty Hearst;peace
There are different things one can do to establish and hasten the peace process. Meditation is one way.;Mike Love;peace
Some think that by preparing to deal with crises you make them more likely. I think the wiser judgment is the contrary. In this area at least, if you want peace or stability, it's better to prepare for war or instability.;Timothy Geithner;peace
We cannot have peace if we are only concerned with peace. War is not an accident. It is the logical outcome of a certain way of life. If we want to attack war, we have to attack that way of life.;A. J. Muste;peace
It is the hope of the European Union that Ariel Sharon will keep the peace process alive and continue the dialogue according to the wishes of all the parties involved.;Goran Persson;peace
Be at peace with your own soul, then heaven and earth will be at peace with you.;Saint Isaac of Nineveh;peace
Some people suggest that the problem is the separation of powers. If you had a parliamentary system, the struggle for power would not result in such complex peace treaties that empower so many different people to pursue so many contradictory aims.;James Q. Wilson;peace
I believe however that peace is attainable regardless of the Arabs mentality, society or government.;Yitzhak Rabin;peace
No Arab ruler will consider the peace process seriously so long as he is able to toy with the idea of achieving more by the way of violence.;Yitzhak Rabin;peace
The struggle to get weapons is continuous, but the United States will aid us, if it finds Israel displaying a willingness for peace.;Yitzhak Rabin;peace
We must think differently, look at things in a different way. Peace requires a world of new concepts, new definitions.;Yitzhak Rabin;peace
Israel is no longer a people that dwells alone, and has to join the global journey toward peace, reconciliation and international cooperation.;Yitzhak Rabin;peace
I enter negotiations with Chairman Arafat, the leader of the PLO, the representative of the Palestinian people, with the purpose to have coexistence between our two entities, Israel as a Jewish state and Palestinian state, entity, next to us, living in peace.;Yitzhak Rabin;peace
Only the change on the international scene, the crisis in the gulf, and the strong, firm position of the United States against aggression between two Arab countries created realities that led to the Madrid Peace Conference.;Yitzhak Rabin;peace
Give peace a chance.;Yitzhak Rabin;peace
I have 23 top players and they are all ready to put on the jersey and work on the pitch and that makes you happy and then you have peace of mind.;Diego Maradona;peace
This is probably why, my life is easier, and my family is very happy, because we never lie each other. This is probably all people supposed to feel each other, so be always in all of the world they'll be peace.;Olga Korbut;peace
Peace was declared, but not all of us were drunk with joy or stricken blind.;George Grosz;peace
Christians can bring peace to multi-religious Europe because we are able to understand the role of faith in the lives of other believers better than atheists.;Timothy Radcliffe;peace
In Hawaii, we have something called Ho'oponopono, where people come together to resolve crises and restore peace and balance.;Duane Chapman;peace
Too often in the past, U.S. leaders have forced Israel to pay the price for American strategic interests in the Middle East - through concessions in the peace process as well as passivity in the face of Iraqi attacks.;Ron Silver;peace
I think of my peace paintings as one long poem, with each painting being a single stanza.;Robert Indiana;peace
Churchill knew the importance of peace, and he also knew the price of it. Churchill finally got his voice, of course. He stressed strategy, but it was his voice that armed England at last with the old-fashioned moral concepts of honor and duty, justice and mercy.;Suzanne Fields;peace
I will try to work for greater reconciliation, cooperation and peace in North East Asia based on correct perception of history.;Park Geun-hye;peace
He wants only to rest and to have a little peace.;Luciano Pavarotti;peace
Blessed be God that Thou hast filled the soul of Thy servant with joy and peace in believing.;Christopher Love;peace
When I lived in New York, not only did I have safety locks on the door but I had the music going, keeping the city at a distance, trying to find creative time and peace and so forth.;Ann Beattie;peace
The Nobel Peace Prize is a powerful message. A durable peace is not a single achievement, but an environment, a process and a commitment.;Mohamed ElBaradei;peace
The Paris peace talks kept a roof over my head and food on the table and clothes on my back because if something was said going in or coming out, I had the rent for the month.;Ed Bradley;peace
World-wide practice of Conservation and the fair and continued access by all nations to the resources they need are the two indispensable foundations of continuous plenty and of permanent peace.;Gifford Pinchot;peace
May there always be peace, love and happiness in every house.;Islom Karimov;peace
Together, we can create a world in which peace is real in which every human being can thrive in which all share the promise of our century. I believe we can succeed.;Abdallah II;peace
You cannot make peace with terrorists. The normal dividing lines between war and peace do not apply.;Ulrich Beck;peace
God has blessed me. I've been given a lot. I'm at peace with myself. It's time to give back.;Michael K. Williams;peace
People in Afghanistan want peace, including the Taliban. They're also people like we all are. They have families, they have relatives, they have children, they are suffering a tough time.;Hamid Karzai;peace
I'm just an old hippie. You know, peace and love.;Sherman Hemsley;peace
We as the Afghan people and government are willing to help Pakistan work for peace in Afghanistan and work for peace in Pakistan, together.;Hamid Karzai;peace
A desire arises in the mind. It is satisfied immediately another comes. In the interval which separates two desires a perfect calm reigns in the mind. It is at this moment freed from all thought, love or hate. Complete peace equally reigns between two mental waves.;Sivananda;peace
War should never be entered upon until every agency of peace has failed.;William McKinley;peace
You are not going to get peace with millions of armed men. The chariot of peace cannot advance over a road littered with cannon.;David Lloyd;peace
I'm at peace with myself because what I talk about is the way I live.;Sean Hannity;peace
The plan shows that the twenty million people in the German democratic Republic and in the democratic sector of Berlin think only of peace, and that they are working for freedom and peaceful prosperity.;Walter Ulbricht;peace
You may call for peace as loudly as you wish, but where there is no brotherhood there can in the end be no peace.;Max Lerner;peace
War is not the quintessential emergency in which man has to prove himself, as my generation learned at its school desks in the days of the Kaiser rather, peace is the emergency in which we all have to prove ourselves.;Gustav Heinemann;peace
The time has come - and must come - for multilateral conversations about a secure peace in all of Europe.;Gustav Heinemann;peace
The first thing I see is the obligation to serve peace.;Gustav Heinemann;peace
Beyond peace, there is no longer any existence possible.;Gustav Heinemann;peace
The experts who managed the original Marshall Plan say Afghanistan needs a commitment of at least $5 to $10 billion over 5 to 10 years, coupled with occupation forces of 250,000 Allied soldiers to keep the peace throughout the country.;Ted Rall;peace
What could become a danger to world peace is Iran's nuclear program and the country's open threat to annihilate Israel.;Sigmar Gabriel;peace
I find myself more at peace when I live in Europe.;Norman Granz;peace
Many a happiness in life, as many a disaster, can be due to chance, but the peace within us can never be governed by chance.;Maurice Maeterlinck;peace
You ask me if I will not be glad when the last battle is fought, so far as the country is concerned I, of course, must wish for peace, and will be glad when the war is ended, but if I answer for myself alone, I must say that I shall regret to see the war end.;George Armstrong Custer;peace
The object of government in peace and in war is not the glory of rulers or of races, but the happiness of common man.;William Beveridge;peace
In a case like Iraq the UN has again shown what important role it plays as the guarantor for protecting international peace and stability in the global political structure.;Anna Lindh;peace
One of the gaps in our international development efforts is the provision of global public goods - that is, goods or conditions we need that no individual or country can secure on their own, such as halting global warming, financial stability and peace and security.;Anna Lindh;peace
War as Napoleon knew it just not possible any more. However, we're very unlikely to accept or recognize 'world peace' even when we get it.;Bruce Sterling;peace
The conflict in the Middle East needs to be solved for the same reasons. It is necessary to reach a two-states solution, built on international law, for sustainable peace and development, and it can only be achieved through joint efforts by the international community.;Anna Lindh;peace
We are a Nation of peace and compassion, yet these people have and will devote every fiber of their beings to the destruction of Americans and our Country.;Charles Foster Bass;peace
We need new partnerships for peace and security.;Anna Lindh;peace
From 1836, down to last year, there is no proof of the Government having any confidence in the duration of peace, or possessing increased security against war.;Richard Cobden;peace
We need new partnerships in fighting terrorism and building peace.;Anna Lindh;peace
I came here as a practical man, to talk, not simply on the question of peace and war, but to treat another question which is of hardly less importance - the enormous and burdensome standing armaments which it is the practice of modern Governments to sustain in time of peace.;Richard Cobden;peace
President George W. Bush is the first American president to call openly for two-states, Israel and Palestine, living side by side in peace and security.;Lee H. Hamilton;peace
I therefore declare, that if you wish any remission of the taxation which falls upon the homes of the people of England and Wales, you can only find it by reducing the great military establishments, and diminishing the money paid to fighting men in time of peace.;Richard Cobden;peace
Treaties of peace, made after war, are entrusted to individuals to negotiate and carry out.;Richard Cobden;peace
On Memorial Day, I don't want to only remember the combatants. There were also those who came out of the trenches as writers and poets, who started preaching peace, men and women who have made this world a kinder place to live.;Eric Burdon;peace
As they say, one thing led to another, and, ultimately, the British and Irish governments asked me to serve as chairman of the peace negotiations, which ironically began six years ago this week.;George J. Mitchell;peace
The Israeli people must be free to live in peace and security.;Chuck Hagel;peace
When I sing, I have a sense of peace, I feel like my brain turns off, and I become the core person of who I am - the essence of me. I feel connected to whatever is out there. It's almost like I leave my body and get to watch.;Michelle Branch;peace
No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens.;Abraham Lincoln;pet
I am fond of pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals.;Winston Churchill;pet
Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea.;Robert A. Heinlein;pet
Time spent with cats is never wasted.;Sigmund Freud;pet
A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you love yourself.;Josh Billings;pet
I wish I could write as mysterious as a cat.;Edgar Allan Poe;pet
There are two means of refuge from the miseries of life: music and cats.;Albert Schweitzer;pet
I looked up my family tree and found three dogs using it.;Rodney Dangerfield;pet
Until one has loved an animal a part of one's soul remains unawakened.;Anatole France;pet
Animals are such agreeable friends - they ask no questions they pass no criticisms.;George Eliot;pet
Animals are reliable, many full of love, true in their affections, predictable in their actions, grateful and loyal. Difficult standards for people to live up to.;Alfred A. Montapert;pet
I wonder if other dogs think poodles are members of a weird religious cult.;Rita Rudner;pet
The better I get to know men, the more I find myself loving dogs.;Charles de Gaulle;pet
The average dog is a nicer person than the average person.;Andy Rooney;pet
Dogs are not our whole life, but they make our lives whole.;Roger Caras;pet
If a dog will not come to you after having looked you in the face, you should go home and examine your conscience.;Woodrow Wilson;pet
I poured spot remover on my dog. Now he's gone.;Steven Wright;pet
The dog is the god of frolic.;Henry Ward Beecher;pet
To his dog, every man is Napoleon hence the constant popularity of dogs.;Aldous Huxley;pet
