What I'm not confused about is the world needing much more love, no hate, no prejudice, no bigotry and more unity, peace and understanding. Period.;Stevie Wonder;peace
Instead of a man of peace and love, I have become a man of violence and revenge.;Hiawatha;peace
At the end, the realization is that she had to get to a place in her life where she could drop her guard and make peace with the fact that whether she had a small amount of time, that she had to kind of live it completely through, instead of living by the rules.;Charlize Theron;peace
Never, for the sake of peace and quiet, deny your own experience or convictions.;Dag Hammarskjold;peace
As an artist I come to sing, but as a citizen, I will always speak for peace, and no one can silence me in this.;Paul Robeson;peace
I think Muslims have become the new Negroes in America. They are being mistreated at airports, by the Immigration - everywhere. Islam is a religion of peace. They are wrong.;Jermaine Jackson;peace
The next few months are critical to Pakistan's future direction as a democratic state committed to promoting peace, fighting terrorism and working for social justice.;Benazir Bhutto;peace
I think peace should be done not only among governments but among people. It was impossible before the Facebook.;Shimon Peres;peace
Bob Marley stood for universal peace and love. He tried to break racial barriers.;Wyclef Jean;peace
What they could do with 'round here is a good war. What else can you expect with peace running wild all over the place? You know what the trouble with peace is? No organization.;Bertolt Brecht;peace
My argument is that War makes rattling good history but Peace is poor reading.;Thomas Hardy;peace
If anything interferes with my inner peace, I will walk away. Arguments with family members. All that stuff. None of it matters.;Shirley MacLaine;peace
The real discovery is the one which enables me to stop doing philosophy when I want to. The one that gives philosophy peace, so that it is no longer tormented by questions which bring itself into question.;Ludwig Wittgenstein;peace
When you're young you think that you're going to sail into a lovely lake of quietude and peace. This is profoundly untrue.;Doris Lessing;peace
Peace, of course, is different from divorce indeed, in essential respects, divorce is the opposite of peace.;Douglas Feith;peace
It was a time when only the dead smiled, happy in their peace.;Anna Akhmatova;peace
I'm married. My wife, Stella - a beautiful woman. She's brought a lot of peace to my life, a lot of wisdom.;Anthony Hopkins;peace
The lessons from the peace process are clear whatever life throws at us, our individual responses will be all the stronger for working together and sharing the load.;Queen Elizabeth II;peace
Work, look for peace and calm in work: you will find it nowhere else.;Dmitri Mendeleev;peace
Diplomacy in general does not resolve conflicts. Wars end not due to peace processes, but due to one side giving up.;Daniel Pipes;peace
No one can find inner peace except by working, not in a self- centered way, but for the whole human family.;Peace Pilgrim;peace
I too hope in this short reign to be a man of peace.;Pope Benedict XVI;peace
If you are kept in ignorance of the true way and permit yourself to rely upon and be guided by the opinion of imperfect man, you can never gain the riches that will bring you peace and lasting happiness.;Joseph Franklin Rutherford;peace
Today, hundreds of millions dwell in freedom, from the Baltic to the Adriatic, from the Western Approaches to the Aegean. And while we must never take this for granted, the first purpose of the European Union - to secure peace - has been achieved and we should pay tribute to all those in the EU, alongside Nato, who made that happen.;David Cameron;peace
If Saddam rejects peace and we have to use force, our purpose is clear. We want to seriously diminish the threat posed by Iraq's weapons of mass destruction program.;William J. Clinton;peace
If you want a future of shared prosperity, where the middle class is growing and poverty is declining, where the American Dream is alive and well, and where the United States remains the leading force for peace and prosperity in a highly competitive world, you should vote for Barack Obama.;William J. Clinton;peace
The world will never have lasting peace so long as men reserve for war the finest human qualities. Peace, no less than war, requires idealism and self-sacrifice and a righteous and dynamic faith.;John Foster Dulles;peace
I come into the peace of wild things who do not tax their lives with forethought of grief... For a time I rest in the grace of the world, and am free.;Wendell Berry;peace
They are patriotic in time of war because it is to their interest to be so, but in time of peace they follow power and the dollar wherever they may lead.;Henry A. Wallace;peace
I beg Osama to stop warring. He is a Muslim, and Islam means peace. Nobody wins in a war... I wish I were tapped in the problem about Iraq. I knew Saddam enough that I could have talked him into surrendering. But it's too late.;Imelda Marcos;peace
It is not possible to create peace in the Middle East by jeopardizing the peace of the world.;Aneurin Bevan;peace
But I try to steal other moments. Sometimes I get up very early in the morning and enjoy a quiet house and cup of tea before the craziness begins. Other times, I'll take a quick walk on the beach. You can find peace in a few minutes.;Cindy Crawford;peace
I challenge anybody to say that I wouldn't know how to approach foreign policy because, unlike some of the other people, I at least have a foreign policy philosophy, which is an extension of the Reagan philosophy. Peace through strength, and my philosophy is peace through strength and clarity.;Herman Cain;peace
Peace is purchased from strength. It's not purchased from weakness or unilateral retreats.;Benjamin Netanyahu;peace
Peace is produced by war.;Pierre Corneille;peace
I woke up full of hate and fear the day before the most recent peace march in San Francisco. This was disappointing: I'd hoped to wake up feeling somewhere between Virginia Woolf and Wavy Gravy.;Anne Lamott;peace
There is no greater feeling than hanging out with my dogs, or just walking around the land with our horses. My rescue ranch is is where I feel the most at peace and where I'm reminded of the simple things in life and let the chaos of my crazy work life fade away.;Kelly Clarkson;peace
The chief duty of government is to keep the peace and stand out of the sunshine of the people.;James A. Garfield;peace
If there are finer beings than German short hairs, I don't know what they are. In their eyes is peace.;Ben Stein;peace
Politics is about the improvement of people's lives. It's about advancing the cause of peace and justice in our country and the world. Politics is about doing well for the people.;Paul Wellstone;peace
We do not want riches, we want peace and love.;Red Cloud;peace
Weird people follow you in the streets, you can't sit alone in a restaurant or a cafe and read a book in peace, and I think everybody values those moments of being alone.;Winona Ryder;peace
I always thought of myself as a moderate liberal, a fighter for peace and justice. I never thought of myself as being all that far out.;George McGovern;peace
When you know people are really at peace with who they are and what they do, they collaborate and want to help you to improve.;Javier Bardem;peace
But in terms of how people live together, how we minimize the prospects of conflict and maximize the prospects of peace, the place of religion in our society today is essential.;Tony Blair;peace
That idea of peace and love toward humanity shouldn't be nationalistic or denominational. It should be a chief concern for all mankind.;Mos Def;peace
Olympics for me is love, peace, united.;Jackie Chan;peace
When Communist U.S.S.R. was a superpower, the world was better off. The right-wing media is trying to marginalize the peace movement.;Janeane Garofalo;peace
Of all our dreams today there is none more important - or so hard to realise - than that of peace in the world. May we never lose our faith in it or our resolve to do everything that can be done to convert it one day into reality.;Lester B. Pearson;peace
We have a vision of South Africa in which black and white shall live and work together as equals in conditions of peace and prosperity.;Oliver Tambo;peace
The man who has gotten everything he wants is all in favor of peace and order.;Jawaharlal Nehru;peace
Every human longs for peace and love.;Hiawatha;peace
Only the person who has experienced light and darkness, war and peace, rise and fall, only that person has truly experienced life.;Stefan Zweig;peace
Well, I think everybody is frustrated by the finances of the U.N. and the inability to solve problems of war and peace.;George H. W. Bush;peace
We have war when at least one of the parties to a conflict wants something more than it wants peace.;Jeane Kirkpatrick;peace
A bad peace is even worse than war.;Tacitus;peace
The White House isn't the place to learn how to deal with international crisis, the balance of power, war and peace, and the economic future of the next generation.;Joe Biden;peace
Policemen so cherish their status as keepers of the peace and protectors of the public that they have occasionally been known to beat to death those citizens or groups who question that status.;David Mamet;peace
Put a bridle on thy tongue set a guard before thy lips, lest the words of thine own mouth destroy thy peace... on much speaking cometh repentance, but in silence is safety.;William Drummond;peace
In fact, because of this deep desire for peace, the ruling class leaders of this land, from 1945 on, stepped up the hysteria and propaganda to drive into American minds the false notion that danger threatened them from the East.;Paul Robeson;peace
Many African leaders refuse to send their troops on peace keeping missions abroad because they probably need their armies to intimidate their own populations.;Kofi Annan;peace
We would fight not for the political future of a distant city, rather for principles whose destruction would ruin the possibility of peace and security for the peoples of the earth.;Neville Chamberlain;peace
We love peace, but not peace at any price.;Douglas William Jerrold;peace
Making peace, I have found, is much harder than making war.;Gerry Adams;peace
The United States and Israel have a unique relationship based on our mutual commitment to democracy, freedom, and peace. Therefore, just as our commitment to these principles must be steadfast, so must our support for Israel.;John Boehner;peace
Nothing can contribute more to peace of soul than the lack of any opinion whatever.;Georg C. Lichtenberg;peace
The Palestinians want a state, but they have to give peace in return. What they're trying to do in the United Nations is to get a state without giving Israel peace or giving Israel peace and security. And I think that's, that's wrong. That should not succeed. That should, that should fail.;Benjamin Netanyahu;peace
Peace is not made at the council table or by treaties, but in the hearts of men.;Herbert Hoover;peace
It's really necessary for the United States to continue to give strong leadership to the Middle East peace process, supported by European countries at the same time.;William Hague;peace
I won't undertake war until I have tried all the arts and means of peace.;Francois Rabelais;peace
Four years of Jimmy Carter gave us two titanic Reagan landslides, peace and prosperity for eight blessed years - and even a third term for his feckless vice president, George H.W. Bush.;Ann Coulter;peace
I came to the conclusion that in order to end racial barriers, I needed to run for the office of the president and put forth an agenda of social justice and world peace. In addition, I concluded that someone needed to run and challenge the liberal orthodoxy.;Jesse Jackson;peace
There can be no peace in the world so long as a large proportion of the population lack the necessities of life and believe that a change of the political and economic system will make them available. World peace must be based on world plenty.;John Boyd Orr;peace
Peace is much more precious than a piece of land... let there be no more wars.;Anwar Sadat;peace
I intend to leave after my death a large fund for the promotion of the peace idea, but I am skeptical as to its results.;Alfred Nobel;peace
Peace is not the absence of war, but a virtue based on strength of character.;Baruch Spinoza;peace
Since there will be no one left to talk peace after the next war, it makes good sense to break with tradition and hold the peace conference first.;William Glasser;peace
The threat today is not that of the 1930s. It's not big powers going to war with each other. The ravages which fundamentalist political ideology inflicted on the 20th century are memories. The Cold war is over. Europe is at peace, if not always diplomatically.;Tony Blair;peace
I want, of course, peace, grace, and beauty. How do you do that? You work for it.;Studs Terkel;peace
Whoever tramples on the plea for justice temperately made in the name of peace only outrages peace and kills something fine in the heart of man which God put there when we got our manhood.;William Allen White;peace
But I do know focusing on the exterior doesn't make me happy. If I want peace and serenity, it won't be reached by getting thinner or fatter.;Elle Macpherson;peace
We can realise a lasting peace and transform the East-West relationship to one of enduring co-operation.;George H. W. Bush;peace
If there's no inner peace, people can't give it to you. The husband can't give it to you. Your children can't give it to you. You have to give it to you.;Linda Evans;peace
Without free, self-respecting, and autonomous citizens there can be no free and independent nations. Without internal peace, that is, peace among citizens and between the citizens and the state, there can be no guarantee of external peace.;Vaclav Havel;peace
Let us not deceive ourselves we must elect world peace or world destruction.;Bernard Baruch;peace
My idea of perfect happiness is a healthy family, peace between nations, and all the critics die.;David Mamet;peace
The Founders recognized that Government is quite literally a necessary evil, that there must be opposition, between its various branches, and between political parties, for these are the only ways to temper the individual's greed for power and the electorates' desires for peace by submission to coercion or blandishment.;David Mamet;peace
Were there peace and justice in the Middle East, the Arabs would no more need their tinhorn dictators than they would their corpulent princes.;James Buchan;peace
It is thus tolerance that is the source of peace, and intolerance that is the source of disorder and squabbling.;Pierre Bayle;peace
What we need is Star Peace and not Star Wars.;Mikhail Gorbachev;peace
I most sincerely wish that the world in which we live be free from the threat of a nuclear holocaust and from the ruinous arms race. It is my cherished desire that peace be not separated from freedom which is the right of every nation. This I desire and for this I pray.;Lech Walesa;peace
For hundreds of millions of Americans who believe in God, prayer is our bridge between Earth and Heaven, our way of opening our hearts to the Lord. Through this intimate relationship we find peace and guidance.;Nick Rahall;peace
Many will view the compromises that will be made during your negotiations as painful concessions. But why not view them as peace offerings, ones that will provide in return the priceless gifts of hope, security and freedom for our children and our children's?;King Abdullah II;peace
Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace.;Mike Ditka;peace
Are some women and children going to die? Yeah. But it's doing the right thing. You got money, you sit around talking about peace. People who don't have money need some help.;Kid Rock;peace
But he is unworthy the name of a minister of the gospel of peace, who is unwilling, not only to have his name cast out as evil, but also to die for the truths of the Lord Jesus.;George Whitefield;peace
The Israeli government has proved over the past year its commitment to peace, both in words and deeds. By contrast, the Palestinians are posing preconditions for renewing the diplomatic process in a way they have not done over the course of 16 years.;Benjamin Netanyahu;peace
You know, I said in the U.N., I said to President Abbas, 'Look, we're in the same city, we're in the same building, for God's sake, the U.N. Let's just sit down and begin to talk peace.';Benjamin Netanyahu;peace
Why are we talking about talking? Why negotiating about negotiating? It's very simple. If you want to get to peace, put all your preconditions on the side, sit down opposite a table, not in a studio, by the way.;Benjamin Netanyahu;peace
