Ah, summer, what power you have to make us suffer and like it.;Russell Baker;power
Even though worker capacity and motivation are destroyed when leaders choose power over productivity, it appears that bosses would rather be in control than have the organization work well.;Margaret J. Wheatley;power
Power never takes a back step only in the face of more power.;Malcolm X;power
Power in defense of freedom is greater than power in behalf of tyranny and oppression.;Malcolm X;power
Political power grows out of the barrel of a gun.;Mao Zedong;power
Fortune, which has a great deal of power in other matters but especially in war, can bring about great changes in a situation through very slight forces.;Julius Caesar;power
I would rather excel in the knowledge of what is excellent, than in the extent of my power and possessions.;Plutarch;power
I would like nuclear fusion to become a practical power source. It would provide an inexhaustible supply of energy, without pollution or global warming.;Stephen Hawking;power
There is no limit to the power of loving.;John Morton;power
As regards the individual nature, woman is defective and misbegotten, for the active power of the male seed tends to the production of a perfect likeness in the masculine sex while the production of a woman comes from defect in the active power.;Thomas Aquinas;power
Art has the power to transform, to illuminate, to educate, inspire and motivate.;Harvey Fierstein;power
Everyone can relate to love, hurt, pain, learning how to forgive, needing to get over, needing the power of God in their life.;Tyler Perry;power
If all mankind minus one were of one opinion, mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing mankind.;John Stuart Mill;power
One thing I hope I'll never be is drunk with my own power. And anybody who says I am will never work in this town again.;Jim Carrey;power
Our whole constitutional heritage rebels at the thought of giving government the power to control men's minds.;Thurgood Marshall;power
The power to do good is also the power to do harm.;Milton Friedman;power
Politically, the world is so confused right now - there's so much suffering caused by various movements by various parties and people in power in government.;Alice Walker;power
It is a strange desire, to seek power, and to lose liberty or to seek power over others, and to lose power over a man's self.;Francis Bacon;power
Music makes us want to live. You don't know how many times people have told me that they'd been down and depressed and just wanted to die. But then a special song caught their ear and that helped give them renewed strength. That's the power music has.;Mary J. Blige;power
The people are the government, administering it by their agents they are the government, the sovereign power.;Andrew Jackson;power
Wherever there is interest and power to do wrong, wrong will generally be done.;James Madison;power
The public is not to see where power lies, how it shapes policy, and for what ends. Rather, people are to hate and fear one another.;Noam Chomsky;power
Diplomacy: the art of restraining power.;Henry A. Kissinger;power
To act on the belief that we possess the knowledge and the power which enable us to shape the processes of society entirely to our liking, knowledge which in fact we do not possess, is likely to make us do much harm.;Friedrich August von Hayek;power
Those who improve with age embrace the power of personal growth and personal achievement and begin to replace youth with wisdom, innocence with understanding, and lack of purpose with self-actualization.;Bo Bennett;power
It is in this power of saying everything, and yet saying nothing too plainly, that the perfection of art consists.;John Ruskin;power
Advertising ministers to the spiritual side of trade. It is great power that has been entrusted to your keeping which charges you with the high responsibility of inspiring and ennobling the commercial world. It is all part of the greater work of the regeneration and redemption of mankind.;Calvin Coolidge;power
You should see what our Founding Fathers used to say to each other and in the early part of our nation. But what they were able to do, especially in Philadelphia in 1787, four months, they argued about what a House should be, what a Senate should be, the power of the president, the Congress, the Supreme Court. And they had to deal with slavery.;Colin Powell;power
None who have always been free can understand the terrible fascinating power of the hope of freedom to those who are not free.;Pearl S. Buck;power
Those in possession of absolute power can not only prophesy and make their prophecies come true, but they can also lie and make their lies come true.;Eric Hoffer;power
The desire of excessive power caused the angels to fall the desire of knowledge caused men to fall.;Francis Bacon;power
They say the test of literary power is whether a man can write an inscription. I say, 'Can he name a kitten?';Samuel Butler;power
It's sort of a feeling of power onstage. It's really the ability to make people smile, or just to turn them one way or another for that duration of time, and for it to have some effect later on. I don't really think it's power... it's the goodness.;Robert Plant;power
The truth does not require a majority to prevail, ladies and gentlemen. The truth is its own power. The truth will out. Never forget that.;Rush Limbaugh;power
The truth is that all men having power ought to be mistrusted.;James Madison;power
The people are the only legitimate fountain of power, and it is from them that the constitutional charter, under which the several branches of government hold their power, is derived.;James Madison;power
The spread of civilisation may be likened to a fire first, a feeble spark, next a flickering flame, then a mighty blaze, ever increasing in speed and power.;Nikola Tesla;power
King's response to our crisis can be put in one word: revolution. A revolution in our priorities, a reevaluation of our values, a reinvigoration of our public life and a fundamental transformation of our way of thinking and living that promotes a transfer of power from oligarchs and plutocrats to everyday people and ordinary citizens.;Cornel West;power
Wisdom is the power to put our time and our knowledge to the proper use.;Thomas J. Watson;power
The purposes of the United States should not be doubted. The Security Council resolutions will be enforced - the just demands of peace and security will be met - or action will be unavoidable. And a regime that has lost its legitimacy will also lose its power.;Colin Powell;power
How can you consider flower power outdated? The essence of my lyrics is the desire for peace and harmony. That's all anyone has ever wanted. How could it become outdated?;Robert Plant;power
Knowledge and human power are synonymous.;Francis Bacon;power
The essence of Government is power and power, lodged as it must be in human hands, will ever be liable to abuse.;James Madison;power
Few enterprises of great labor or hazard would be undertaken if we had not the power of magnifying the advantages we expect from them.;Samuel Johnson;power
Knowledge is power. Information is power. The secreting or hoarding of knowledge or information may be an act of tyranny camouflaged as humility.;Robin Morgan;power
Our attitudes control our lives. Attitudes are a secret power working twenty-four hours a day, for good or bad. It is of paramount importance that we know how to harness and control this great force.;Irving Berlin;power
God exists, if only in the form of a meme with high survival value, or infective power, in the environment provided by human culture.;Richard Dawkins;power
I protest that if some great Power would agree to make me always think what is true and do what is right, on condition of being turned into a sort of clock and would up every morning before I got out of bed, I should instantly close with the offer.;Thomas Huxley;power
Hateful is the power, and pitiable is the life, of those who wish to be feared rather than loved.;Cornelius Nepos;power
The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not sufficient warrant.;John Stuart Mill;power
The only thing that white people have that black people need, or should want, is power-and no one holds power forever.;James A. Baldwin;power
The love of liberty is the love of others the love of power is the love of ourselves.;William Hazlitt;power
Odd how the creative power at once brings the whole universe to order.;Virginia Woolf;power
Nature has given women so much power that the law has very wisely given them little.;Samuel Johnson;power
He that fails in his endeavors after wealth or power will not long retain either honesty or courage.;Samuel Johnson;power
Power is not sufficient evidence of truth.;Samuel Johnson;power
There are few things that we so unwillingly give up, even in advanced age, as the supposition that we still have the power of ingratiating ourselves with the fair sex.;Samuel Johnson;power
I've always believed in God. I also think that's the sort of thing that either comes as part of the equipment, the capacity to believe, or at some point in your life, when you're in a position where you actually need help from a power greater than yourself, you simply make an agreement.;Stephen King;power
People who believe they have the power to exercise some measure of control over their lives are healthier, more effective and more successful than those who lack faith in their ability to effect changes in their lives.;Albert Bandura;power
The power of daring anything their fancy suggest, as always been conceded to the painter and the poet.;Horace;power
We have a powerful potential in out youth, and we must have the courage to change old ideas and practices so that we may direct their power toward good ends.;Mary McLeod Bethune;power
The general tendency of things throughout the world is to render mediocrity the ascendant power among mankind.;John Stuart Mill;power
Heroes are those who can somehow resist the power of the situation and act out of noble motives, or behave in ways that do not demean others when they easily can.;Philip Zimbardo;power
The most efficient water power in the world - women's tears.;Wilson Mizner;power
Whenever we seek to avoid the responsibility for our own behavior, we do so by attempting to give that responsibility to some other individual or organization or entity. But this means we then give away our power to that entity.;M. Scott Peck;power
Anyone entrusted with power will abuse it if not also animated with the love of truth and virtue, no matter whether he be a prince, or one of the people.;Jean de La Fontaine;power
For as long as the power of America's diversity is diminished by acts of discrimination and violence against people just because they are black, Hispanic, Asian, Jewish, Muslim or gay, we still must overcome.;Ron Kind;power
An unlimited power to tax involves, necessarily, the power to destroy.;Daniel Webster;power
There are two kinds of women, those who want power in the world and those who want power in bed.;Jackie Kennedy;power
Music has healing power. It has the ability to take people out of themselves for a few hours.;Elton John;power
Calmness is the cradle of power.;J. G. Holland;power
Don't let your will roar when your power only whispers.;Thomas Fuller;power
He is the best sailor who can steer within fewest points of the wind, and exact a motive power out of the greatest obstacles.;Walter Scott;power
The power of the periodical press is second only to that of the people.;Alexis de Tocqueville;power
If one can stick to the training throughout the many long years, then will power is no longer a problem. It's raining? That doesn't matter. I am tired? That's besides the point. It's simply that I just have to.;Emil Zatopek;power
I'm not after fame and success and fortune and power. It's mostly that I want to have a good job and have good friends that's the good stuff in life.;Drew Barrymore;power
A few great minds are enough to endow humanity with monstrous power, but a few great hearts are not enough to make us worthy of using it.;Jean Rostand;power
Their final objective toward which all their deceit is directed is to capture political power so that, using the power of the state and the power of the market simultaneously, they may keep the common man in eternal subjection.;Henry A. Wallace;power
It is not power that corrupts but fear. Fear of losing power corrupts those who wield it and fear of the scourge of power corrupts those who are subject to it.;Aung San Suu Kyi;power
The power of faith will often shine forth the most when the character is naturally weak.;Augustus Hare;power
I don't have a set of tenets, but I live an ethical life. I practice a humility that presupposes there's a power greater than myself. And I always believe, don't inflict harm where it's not necessary.;Michael J. Fox;power
The power of lying is much less than the power of what is not to be discussed.;Mason Cooley;power
I had rather excel others in the knowledge of what is excellent, than in the extent of my power and dominion.;Alexander the Great;power
To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves - there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.;Joan Didion;power
Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn.;Miguel de Cervantes;power
As women slowly gain power, their values and priorities are reshaping the agenda. A multitude of studies show that when women control the family funds, they generally spend more on health, nutrition, and education - and less on alcohol and cigarettes.;Dee Dee Myers;power
Power will intoxicate the best hearts, as wine the strongest heads. No man is wise enough, nor good enough to be trusted with unlimited power.;Charles Caleb Colton;power
Always there has been some terrible evil at home or some monstrous foreign power that was going to gobble us up if we did not blindly rally behind it.;Douglas MacArthur;power
If you lose the power to laugh, you lose the power to think.;Clarence Darrow;power
When we are angry or depressed in our creativity, we have misplaced our power. We have allowed someone else to determine our worth, and then we are angry at being undervalued.;Julia Margaret Cameron;power
Conceit spoils the finest genius. There is not much danger that real talent or goodness will be overlooked long even if it is, the consciousness of possessing and using it well should satisfy one, and the great charm of all power is modesty.;Louisa May Alcott;power
If in preaching the gospel you substitute your knowledge of the way of salvation for confidence in the power of the gospel, you hinder people from getting to reality.;Oswald Chambers;power
The thing women have yet to learn is nobody gives you power. You just take it.;Roseanne Barr;power
If repression has indeed been the fundamental link between power, knowledge, and sexuality since the classical age, it stands to reason that we will not be able to free ourselves from it except at a considerable cost.;Michel Foucault;power
Money: power at its most liquid.;Mason Cooley;power
Well, first of all, I think that a lot of the voters who are voting for the tea party candidates have really good impulses. That is, they believe that for years and years and years, the people with wealth and power or government power have done well and ordinary people have not. That's true.;William J. Clinton;power
Politics isn't about big money or power games it's about the improvement of people's lives.;Paul Wellstone;power
We are driven by five genetic needs: survival, love and belonging, power, freedom, and fun.;William Glasser;power
To achieve the mood of a warrior is not a simple matter. It is a revolution. To regard the lion and the water rats and our fellow men as equals is a magnificent act of a warrior's spirit. It takes power to do that.;Carlos Castaneda;power
