My strength has the strength of ten because my heart is pure.;Alfred Lord Tennyson;strength
It does not take much strength to do things, but it requires great strength to decide on what to do.;Elbert Hubbard;strength
Tears shed for self are tears of weakness, but tears shed for others are a sign of strength.;Billy Graham;strength
A hero is an ordinary individual who finds the strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles.;Christopher Reeve;strength
My family is my strength and my weakness.;Aishwarya Rai;strength
Physical strength can never permanently withstand the impact of spiritual force.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;strength
Greatness lies, not in being strong, but in the right using of strength and strength is not used rightly when it serves only to carry a man above his fellows for his own solitary glory. He is the greatest whose strength carries up the most hearts by the attraction of his own.;Henry Ward Beecher;strength
May He who is the Brahman of the Hindus, the Ahura-Mazda of the Zoroastrians, the Buddha of the Buddhists, the Jehovah of the Jews, the Father in Heaven of the Christians give strength to you to carry out your noble idea.;Swami Vivekananda;strength
Love feels no burden, thinks nothing of trouble, attempts what is above its strength, pleads no excuse of impossibility for it thinks all things lawful for itself, and all things possible.;Thomas a Kempis;strength
Unity is strength... when there is teamwork and collaboration, wonderful things can be achieved.;Mattie Stepanek;strength
Youngsters of the age of two and three are endowed with extraordinary strength. They can lift a dog twice their own weight and dump him into the bathtub.;Erma Bombeck;strength
Ronald Reagan was a president of strength. His philosophy was a philosophy of strength - a strong military, a strong economy and strong families.;Mitt Romney;strength
Give us grace and strength to forbear and to persevere. Give us courage and gaiety and the quiet mind, spare to us our friends, soften to us our enemies.;Robert Louis Stevenson;strength
Where is the man who has the strength to be true, and to show himself as he is?;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;strength
My mother taught me about the power of inspiration and courage, and she did it with a strength and a passion that I wish could be bottled.;Carly Fiorina;strength
My greatest strength is common sense. I'm really a standard brand - like Campbell's tomato soup or Baker's chocolate.;Katharine Hepburn;strength
The strength and power of despotism consists wholly in the fear of resistance.;Thomas Paine;strength
The turning point in the process of growing up is when you discover the core of strength within you that survives all hurt.;Max Lerner;strength
I am an example of what is possible when girls from the very beginning of their lives are loved and nurtured by people around them. I was surrounded by extraordinary women in my life who taught me about quiet strength and dignity.;Michelle Obama;strength
Uncontrolled, the hunger and thirst after God may become an obstacle, cutting off the soul from what it desires. If a man would travel far along the mystic road, he must learn to desire God intensely but in stillness, passively and yet with all his heart and mind and strength.;Aldous Huxley;strength
What gives me the most hope every day is God's grace knowing that his grace is going to give me the strength for whatever I face, knowing that nothing is a surprise to God.;Rick Warren;strength
You can tell the strength of a nation by the women behind its men.;Benjamin Disraeli;strength
The strength and power and goodness of America has always been based on the strength and power and goodness of our communities, our families, our faiths. That is the bedrock of what makes America, America. In our best days, we can feel the vibrancy of America's communities, large and small.;Mitt Romney;strength
Religion is an illusion and it derives its strength from the fact that it falls in with our instinctual desires.;Sigmund Freud;strength
If thou desire the love of God and man, be humble, for the proud heart, as it loves none but itself, is beloved of none but itself. Humility enforces where neither virtue, nor strength, nor reason can prevail.;Francis Quarles;strength
Atheism shows strength of mind, but only to a certain degree.;Blaise Pascal;strength
He is greatest whose strength carries up the most hearts by the attraction of his own.;Henry Ward Beecher;strength
Those who have the strength and the love to sit with a dying patient in the silence that goes beyond words will know that this moment is neither frightening nor painful, but a peaceful cessation of the functioning of the body.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;strength
A religious man is a person who holds God and man in one thought at one time, at all times, who suffers harm done to others, whose greatest passion is compassion, whose greatest strength is love and defiance of despair.;Abraham Joshua Heschel;strength
Wondrous is the strength of cheerfulness, and its power of endurance - the cheerful man will do more in the same time, will do it better, will preserve it longer, than the sad or sullen.;Thomas Carlyle;strength
People do not lack strength they lack will.;Victor Hugo;strength
Unless India stands up to the world, no one will respect us. In this world, fear has no place. Only strength respects strength.;Abdul Kalam;strength
My greatest strength as a consultant is to be ignorant and ask a few questions.;Peter Drucker;strength
The strength of a man's virtue should not be measured by his special exertions, but by his habitual acts.;Blaise Pascal;strength
All too often arrogance accompanies strength, and we must never assume that justice is on the side of the strong. The use of power must always be accompanied by moral choice.;Theodore Bikel;strength
Endurance is nobler than strength, and patience than beauty.;John Ruskin;strength
The spirit of man is more important than mere physical strength, and the spiritual fiber of a nation than its wealth.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;strength
Remember, the storm is a good opportunity for the pine and the cypress to show their strength and their stability.;Ho Chi Minh;strength
Being forced to work, and forced to do your best, will breed in you temperance and self-control, diligence and strength of will, cheerfulness and content, and a hundred virtues which the idle will never know.;Charles Kingsley;strength
Only strength can cooperate. Weakness can only beg.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;strength
Our real problem, then, is not our strength today it is rather the vital necessity of action today to ensure our strength tomorrow.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;strength
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.;Samuel Johnson;strength
African women in general need to know that it's OK for them to be the way they are - to see the way they are as a strength, and to be liberated from fear and from silence.;Wangari Maathai;strength
Each relationship nurtures a strength or weakness within you.;Mike Murdock;strength
True strength lies in submission which permits one to dedicate his life, through devotion, to something beyond himself.;Henry Miller;strength
And when a woman's will is as strong as the man's who wants to govern her, half her strength must be concealment.;George Eliot;strength
Strength of mind rests in sobriety for this keeps your reason unclouded by passion.;Pythagoras;strength
If we resist our passions, it is more due to their weakness than our strength.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;strength
We all have enough strength to endure the misfortunes of others.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;strength
When it comes to developing character strength, inner security and unique personal and interpersonal talents and skills in a child, no institution can or ever will compare with, or effectively substitute for, the home's potential for positive influence.;Stephen Covey;strength
In all human affairs there are efforts, and there are results, and the strength of the effort is the measure of the result.;James Allen;strength
We are born weak, we need strength helpless, we need aid foolish, we need reason. All that we lack at birth, all that we need when we come to man's estate, is the gift of education.;Jean-Jacques Rousseau;strength
Aging is not lost youth but a new stage of opportunity and strength.;Betty Friedan;strength
The strength and power of a country depends absolutely on the quantity of good men and women in it.;John Ruskin;strength
Our strength is often composed of the weakness that we're damned if we're going to show.;Mignon McLaughlin;strength
One ever feels his twoness - an American, a Negro two souls, two thoughts, two unreconciled strivings two warring ideals in one dark body, whose dogged strength alone keeps it from being torn asunder.;W. E. B. Du Bois;strength
I think a hero is an ordinary individual who finds strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles.;Christopher Reeve;strength
Eccentricity has always abounded when and where strength of character had abounded and the amount of eccentricity in a society has generally been proportional to the amount of genius, mental vigor, and courage which it contained.;John Stuart Mill;strength
Love you will find only where you may show yourself weak without provoking strength.;Theodor Adorno;strength
Method is more important than strength, when you wish to control your enemies. By dropping golden beads near a snake, a crow once managed To have a passer-by kill the snake for the beads.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;strength
Music makes us want to live. You don't know how many times people have told me that they'd been down and depressed and just wanted to die. But then a special song caught their ear and that helped give them renewed strength. That's the power music has.;Mary J. Blige;strength
You're blessed if you have the strength to work.;Mahalia Jackson;strength
To be capable of steady friendship or lasting love, are the two greatest proofs, not only of goodness of heart, but of strength of mind.;William Hazlitt;strength
The kind of beauty I want most is the hard-to-get kind that comes from within - strength, courage, dignity.;Ruby Dee;strength
Whoever knows it also knows that in love there is no More and no Less but that he who loves can only love with the whole heart, and with the whole soul with all his strength and with all his will.;Max Muller;strength
All species capable of grasping this fact manage better in the struggle for existence than those which rely upon their own strength alone: the wolf, which hunts in a pack, has a greater chance of survival than the lion, which hunts alone.;Christian Lous Lange;strength
Prayer is more than meditation. In meditation, the source of strength is one's self. When one prays, he goes to a source of strength greater than his own.;Madame de Stael;strength
'Tis skill, not strength, that governs a ship.;Thomas Fuller;strength
The awareness of our own strength makes us modest.;Paul Cezanne;strength
A powerful idea communicates some of its strength to him who challenges it.;Marcel Proust;strength
It is only necessary to have courage, for strength without self-confidence is useless.;Giacomo Casanova;strength
When I dare to be powerful - to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.;Audre Lorde;strength
Many a man's strength is in opposition, and when he faileth, he grows out of use.;Francis Bacon;strength
I would fight for my liberty so long as my strength lasted, and if the time came for me to go, the Lord would let them take me.;Harriet Tubman;strength
The superior man is the providence of the inferior. He is eyes for the blind, strength for the weak, and a shield for the defenseless. He stands erect by bending above the fallen. He rises by lifting others.;Robert Green Ingersoll;strength
A nation' s strength ultimately consists in what it can do on its own, and not in what it can borrow from others.;Indira Gandhi;strength
It is a sign of contraction of the mind when it is content, or of weariness. A spirited mind never stops within itself it is always aspiring and going beyond its strength.;Michel de Montaigne;strength
Patience is the support of weakness impatience the ruin of strength.;Charles Caleb Colton;strength
Willingness to change is a strength, even if it means plunging part of the company into total confusion for a while.;Jack Welch;strength
I look at an ant and I see myself: a native South African, endowed by nature with a strength much greater than my size so I might cope with the weight of a racism that crushes my spirit.;Miriam Makeba;strength
To have ego means to believe in your own strength. And to also be open to other people's views. It is to be open, not closed. So, yes, my ego is big, but it's also very small in some areas. My ego is responsible for my doing what I do - bad or good.;Barbra Streisand;strength
Freedom and order are not incompatible... truth is strength... free discussion is the very life of truth.;Thomas Huxley;strength
Nothing has more strength than dire necessity.;Euripides;strength
The wisest use of American strength is to advance freedom.;George W. Bush;strength
Although men are accused of not knowing their own weakness, yet perhaps few know their own strength. It is in men as in soils, where sometimes there is a vein of gold which the owner knows not of.;Jonathan Swift;strength
I understand now that the vulnerability I've always felt is the greatest strength a person can have. You can't experience life without feeling life. What I've learned is that being vulnerable to somebody you love is not a weakness, it's a strength.;Elisabeth Shue;strength
Suppressed grief suffocates, it rages within the breast, and is forced to multiply its strength.;Ovid;strength
There comes a pause, for human strength will not endure to dance without cessation and everyone must reach the point at length of absolute prostration.;Lewis Carroll;strength
Organic buildings are the strength and lightness of the spiders' spinning, buildings qualified by light, bred by native character to environment, married to the ground.;Frank Lloyd Wright;strength
Leaders come in many forms, with many styles and diverse qualities. There are quiet leaders and leaders one can hear in the next county. Some find strength in eloquence, some in judgment, some in courage.;John W. Gardner;strength
Mohammed was not an apparent failure. He was a dazzling success, politically as well as spiritually, and Islam went from strength to strength to strength.;Karen Armstrong;strength
The financial crisis should not become an excuse to raise taxes, which would only undermine the economic growth required to regain our strength.;George W. Bush;strength
Religious beliefs evolved by group-selection, tribe competing against tribe, and the illogic of religions is not a weakness but their essential strength.;E. O. Wilson;strength
The freedom to fail is vital if you're going to succeed. Most successful people fail from time to time, and it is a measure of their strength that failure merely propels them into some new attempt at success.;Michael Korda;strength
In that I found being able to talk to my family about my feelings, praying for strength and realizing that our lives have a deep purpose and the journey of our lives is to find out what that is and express it, was the only way I could have gotten through it.;Marlo Thomas;strength
It doesn't take a lot of strength to hang on. It takes a lot of strength to let go.;J. C. Watts;strength
We draw our strength from the very despair in which we have been forced to live. We shall endure.;Cesar Chavez;strength
One column of truth cannot hold an institution of ideas from falling into ignorance. It is wiser that a person of prudence and purpose save his strength for battles that can be won.;Bryant H. McGill;strength
I place no hope in my strength, nor in my works: but all my confidence is in God my protector, who never abandons those who have put all their hope and thought in him.;Francois Rabelais;strength
