When we see the shadow on our images, are we seeing the time 11 minutes ago on Mars? Or are we seeing the time on Mars as observed from Earth now? It's like time travel problems in science fiction. When is now when was then?;Bill Nye;travel
Before we had the kids, my husband and I were traveling a lot and working and really enjoying our lives and each other. We both love the theater and books and travel and so we were really having a lot of fun.;Patricia Heaton;travel
Once you're in the game and it's a part of your life, you never want to leave it. But you have to be committed to be able to travel and do the things you need to do to be successful in whatever role you're doing.;Joe Sakic;travel
I travel all over the country making speeches for people I believe in.;Ann Richards;travel
The need for this clinic is clear to me, to the veterans who are currently forced to travel hours to receive care, and even to the Veterans Administration that itself identified creation of a clinic in this part of our state as a priority to be completed by 2006.;Doc Hastings;travel
I wanted to have the opportunity to travel to Vietnam and Sydney, and have the chance to work there.;Brendan Fraser;travel
The fact that people will pay you to talk to people and travel to interesting places and write about what intrigues you, I am just amazed by that.;Nicholas D. Kristof;travel
I think that somebody with the resources and innovation and the idea is going to come out of nowhere and come up with a successful space travel program.;Kevin J. Anderson;travel
We travel to learn and I have never been in any country where they did not do something better than we do it, think some thoughts better than we think, catch some inspiration from heights above our own.;Maria Mitchell;travel
Until 1914 I loved to travel I often went to Italy and once spent a few months in India. Since then I have almost entirely abandoned travelling, and I have not been outside of Switzerland for over ten years.;Herman Hesse;travel
My writing is a combination of three elements. The first is travel: not travel like a tourist, but travel as exploration. The second is reading literature on the subject. The third is reflection.;Ryszard Kapuscinski;travel
We are going to sign a treaty with Mexico. We are competing internationally. We need another international airport for international cargo, international travel, international businesses.;Richard M. Daley;travel
You have to travel globally today to know what's going on and maintain an edge.;Yuri Milner;travel
You know among people who kind of travel a lot and have exposure to the United States and some other countries, they do have accounts, but you know, Russia is not exactly the place with multiple language skills so local networks kind of have an edge.;Yuri Milner;travel
When I had money in the past, I would always travel rather than spend it on big apartments or cars. And I still feel exactly the same way.;Robin Wright Penn;travel
I could have probably raised them in L.A. and they would have been great and had so many things at their fingertips and been exposed to so many things. But we travel a lot, so I don't think that moving out of town is sheltering the girls at all. Maybe protecting them a little bit more, trying to prolong their youth.;Jennie Garth;travel
I think family is very important in West Virginia and has long been so because the mountains made travel difficult in the past, and family members had to depend on each other.;David Selby;travel
Aviation - and space travel, in particular - have always been especially captivating.;Felix Baumgartner;travel
Our budget works to reduce and eliminate the risk of attacks at our ports, rails, in the skies, our food supply and roads by allowing for increases in many of the programs and agencies to help protect these important areas of commerce and travel.;Jim Ryun;travel
It's very expensive to be a professional tennis player with all the travel and the flights and the hotels and everything.;Caroline Wozniacki;travel
I can't travel without Sudoku.;Robert Ballard;travel
And, obviously as a, as one who likes to travel around myself a lot, I think the Earth is a beautiful place. And, I'm looking forward to some new perspectives.;Duane G. Carey;travel
I'm still at the end of my rope because I find myself not handling things well when I travel.;Stephen Lewis;travel
I desperately want a dog, but I've been told I travel too much, and I'm not allowed to have a dog.;Victoria Pratt;travel
And now I have a big house, nice clothes and I travel in first class and I love it, so maybe it's time to enjoy being a star.;Vincent Cassel;travel
When I travel, I draw and paint sketches which is great fun. And as long as you are fully aware that it has nothing to do with actual art, I think that's all right.;Arne Jacobsen;travel
I just travel all the time. And I was just looking at the schedules now and starting the first week of October I will be every weekend with somebody at tournaments through Christmas. So it gets very difficult to just go away and not do that.;Ivan Lendl;travel
I sometimes skip meals when I travel.;Amy Smart;travel
When I travel I normally eat club sandwiches or I bring my own food. When you go into a new town, it's very had to find a good place to eat.;Paul Prudhomme;travel
Some go on to trade schools or get further training for jobs they are interested in. Some go into the arts, some are craftsmen, some take a little time out to travel, and some start their own businesses. But our graduates find and work at what they want to do.;Daniel Greenberg;travel
Travel aesthetics should be just as comfortable and practical as they are fashionable.;Miguel Jontel Pimentel;travel
I photographed rocks and trees and tide pools and nudes and all that stuff for years and years. Until 20 years ago when I found that I could do it in the studio and never have to travel.;Kim Weston;travel
I didn't want to travel. I didn't want to leave my family. I heard all these stories from Dad about not having Edward around when he was young, and I didn't want that to happen.;Kim Weston;travel
You need to be an adrenalin junkie when you travel with kids.;Graeme Le Saux;travel
I travel all the time, and I have two small children.;Hope Davis;travel
The idea is to have global standards. There is so much travel that if you just had a regional standard, it would probably ultimately have to be changed.;Gijs de Vries;travel
I hope that I'll be hot for a long time so I can make a lot of money, I can retire early, and just travel. Hopefully that will happen.;Kristin Cavallari;travel
People will travel anywhere for good food - it's crazy.;Rene Redzepi;travel
The President's political travel is going to get blamed (and probably rightly) for a share of this downturn.;Robert Teeter;travel
Greater personal choice, individually tailored services, stronger local accountability, greater efficiency - these are all central to the new direction of travel we have set for our public services.;John Hutton;travel
I always thought it would be really cool to be playing the drums in the show and then have your astral body or whatever travel all through the audience and dig whatever it's like out there.;Bill Kreutzmann;travel
As I travel around Idaho and visit with seniors, I hear almost universal concern about the rising cost of health care, particularly the cost of prescription drugs.;Michael K. Simpson;travel
I like to travel and connect.;Richard Powers;travel
I grew up under Communism so we could only learn Russian, and then when Communism fell in 1989 we could learn a few more things and have the freedom to travel and the freedom of speech - and the freedom of dreaming, really.;Petra Nemcova;travel
If I don't need the money, I don't work. I'm going to spend time with my family and friends, and I'm going to travel and read and listen to music and try to learn a little bit more about how to be a human being, as opposed to learning how to be somebody else.;James Spader;travel
If somebody asked me about my inspiration I would say that it's not the peopleand it's not the things, it's travel and experiencing different environments.;Marc Newson;travel
No matter how you travel, it's still you going.;Jeff Goldblum;travel
I travel for work, but recently, friends said I should take major trips.;Jeff Goldblum;travel
I've brought my daughters all over the world-they travel with me. I drag them out of school just to keep the relationship. When I'm home I'm a big-time daddy.;Armand Assante;travel
I've always been a big fan of time travel, and I'm very into the notion that some day we'll be able to do it. Beam me up!;Scott Bakula;travel
I want to go to college to study journalism. I want to speak French fluently, to travel. My mom was a journalist and it's in my blood.;Mandy Moore;travel
I did rebel. I was the rebel in my family, because my dad wanted me to go and just travel with him.;Dhani Harrison;travel
I see a trend here where the President seems to think his job is to count votes and then try to make a deal That's what we in legislatures do. Mr. Obama's job is to travel the country, fight for the values that he cares about.;Anthony Weiner;travel
Then I was lucky I met with my future husband, and I started new life with my husband, and I was happy again. He was a musician. I start to travel with him through Europe also and around the former Soviet Union.;Olga Korbut;travel
But my sense in talking to people when I travel is that the film business is not that dissimilar from a lot of other businesses.;Steven Soderbergh;travel
We're constantly buying airplane tickets we travel on the Concorde.;Eva Herzigova;travel
You had to make a camera look like it's traveling at 300 mph, but you couldn't make it actually travel at 300 mph so you had to slow everything down and build devices to do that. So you were constantly engineering.;John Dykstra;travel
I myself believe that there will one day be time travel because when we find that something isn't forbidden by the over-arching laws of physics we usually eventually find a technological way of doing it.;David Deutsch;travel
I like people who are enthused about things they do, like travel, sports, work. I like being with people who have things they're excited about.;Parker Stevenson;travel
Every day is intense and alive, whether it's travel, work, even down time, which there is so little of.;Josh Lucas;travel
The first year or so on The Daily Show is pretty intense in terms of travel. You're going to the worst places in the country, talking to the craziest people in the world.;Rob Corddry;travel
I travel a lot to promote the perfumes and to do the commercials.;Gabriela Sabatini;travel
Taking time to sit back and watch and think about what you've seen is important. Traveling did a great deal to me. I found that when I travel and just sit in the corner and watch, a million ideas come to me.;Lionel Richie;travel
I travel around the world, experiencing every language, every religion... some places where there's just no reason to smile, because their lives are so difficult.;Lionel Richie;travel
I had a big troupe, a big army and it was a lot of fun. And, after 10 years of that, I just decided that I wanted to travel and do special dates. I go to Las Vegas these days.;Bobby Vinton;travel
Everywhere I travel throughout Eastern Washington, I hear from people demanding we do a better job of controlling our borders and reducing illegal immigration.;Cathy McMorris;travel
Right now I'm so old that if I had a big gush of money, I don't know what I'd do with it. I don't travel anymore. I don't need anything, don't want anything. I'd give it to my son, I guess, and let him enjoy it.;Jack Vance;travel
Originally the dream was about traveling and developing a job that would permit me to travel. And I decided to go into street performing because it was a traveling job it would let me go around the world.;Guy Laliberte;travel
Sure, I could give advice I could, say, travel the world, listen to music. But all I can really say is do something you want to do and do it well. And if you want to be a choreographer, then you have to make dances.;Mark Morris;travel
I wake up every morning and I feel like I'm juggling glass balls. I live in Los Angeles, my business is run out of London, and most evenings I'm cuddled up in front of Skype, in my dressing gown, speaking with my studio in London. I travel a lot, my team travel a lot, but I wouldn't have it any other way.;Victoria Beckham;travel
I have a character failing. I am quite incapable of identifying with anything whole-heartedly. Whatever I am doing, I am always planning to do something else. I would rather travel than arrive.;Stephen Bayley;travel
Travel teaches as much as books.;Youssou N'Dour;travel
The simple fact is this: they are foreigners inside a country which has rejected them. Therefore, these foreigners wherever they go or travel they will be rained down with bullets from everyone. Attacks by members of the resistance will only go up.;Mohammed Saeed al-Sahaf;travel
However, we still have the problem of free travel and movement, since the Travel Documents issued by UNMIK as the substitute to passports, are not fully recognized yet by all countries.;Ibrahim Rugova;travel
I usually just have one cat. It is difficult, but I have my one cat that he'll travel with me if it's appropriate, if I'm not going overseas.;Gina Gershon;travel
I considered becoming a priest very seriously. I wanted to travel the world. By the time I turned 16, I realized I was only in it for selfish reasons. And, more importantly, I didn't want to sacrifice the ladies!;James McAvoy;travel
As many of you know I travel a good bit and do not get to see my friends and family as much as I would like.;Natalie Gulbis;travel
Movie acting is a great job for your twenties: You travel all over, you have affairs with people, and you throw yourself into one part and then another. It gets more challenging as you get older, and it's not just having a daughter, it's wanting to have your own life and be yourself.;Helen Hunt;travel
It would be nice to travel if you knew where you were going and where you would live at the end or do we ever know, do we ever live where we live, we're always in other places, lost, like sheep.;Janet Frame;travel
I'm passionate and I travel the world not just as a tourist but to understand cultures... I've lived with Masai tribe... I travel the world and bring it back in the form of a research book that would become the starting point for the collection.;John Galliano;travel
I do not have any pets. We travel too much.;Nancy Kerrigan;travel
I travel to Jakarta, I see what an important country it is. I've been working with them for a year.;Anatoli Boukreev;travel
At the moment I'm doing this space movie, so I'm obsessed with physics and space travel. I know three months down the line it's gone. Then I'll be able to superficially say stuff about space.;Cillian Murphy;travel
I'm a travel enthusiast.;Iggy Pop;travel
Let us not forget that the European Community started as a project for peace after the terrible Second World War. And today people take for granted the freedom to travel, to study, to work abroad. And the citizens of one country have almost exactly the same rights as another country.;Jose Manuel Barroso;travel
I love to travel, but sometimes it's nice to stay in one place.;Gustavo Dudamel;travel
I have to travel a lot for work.;James Purefoy;travel
Amtrak offers riders a cost-effective way to travel throughout the country.;Tim Bishop;travel
We've got fuel prices coming down and good travel numbers coming out, so it's not surprising airline stocks are going up.;Andrew Sullivan;travel
Almost 70 percent of U.S. ag exports travel the upper Mississippi River and the Illinois waterway system.;Jerry Costello;travel
Screenplays I didn't really care about, journalism, travel books, getting my writer friends to write about their dreams or something. I just determined to write the books I had to write.;Kazuo Ishiguro;travel
I have found adventure in flying, in world travel, in business, and even close at hand... Adventure is a state of mind - and spirit.;Jacqueline Cochran;travel
It's cool to meet your idols. It's a good opportunity to travel. Those kinds of things are good.;Meg White;travel
I've been lucky to travel through quite a bit of Europe and Australia, but I would love to do Asia and South America and South Africa.;Dianna Agron;travel
The more you travel, the better you get at it. It sounds silly, but with experience you learn how to pack the right way. I remember one of my first trips abroad, travelling around Europe by rail, fresh out of high school. I brought all these books with me and a paint set. I really had too much stuff, so I've learnt to be more economical.;Roman Coppola;travel
Japan is the most intoxicating place for me. In Kyoto, there's an inn called the Tawaraya which is quite extraordinary. The Japanese culture fascinates me: the food, the dress, the manners and the traditions. It's the travel experience that has moved me the most.;Roman Coppola;travel
I travel a lot. If you look at my suitcase, everything is extremely well-packed and well-folded people who travel with me are impressed at how organized I am. Some would refer to me as a maniac for this.;Joel Robuchon;travel
There are days when I intentionally don't write. For instance, I never write when I'm traveling, because travel is a situation where I can learn more by looking and listening than by working.;Thomas Perry;travel
But I want people to understand that poker's not all glamorous, it's not all being on TV and making tons of money. It's a hard life. It's a lot of travel. It's a lot of weird hours.;Chris Moneymaker;travel
