We don't make music - it makes us.;David Byrne;music
People are already finding ways to make their music and play it in front of people and have a life in music, I guess, and I think that's pretty much all you can ask.;David Byrne;music
Even from a listening end now, I'm still completely a fan of music.;James Iha;music
I'm not suggesting people abandon musical instruments and start playing their cars and apartments, but I do think the reign of music as a commodity made only by professionals might be winding down.;David Byrne;music
We tend to mistake music for the physical object.;David Byrne;music
I've rarely seen video screens used well in a music concert.;David Byrne;music
There's more good music being made now than ever before.;David Byrne;music
Why not invest in the future of music, instead of building fortresses to preserve its past?;David Byrne;music
The imminent demise of the large record companies as gatekeepers of the world's popular music is a good thing, for the most part.;David Byrne;music
I think I'm a music fan before anything else.;Nuno Bettencourt;music
So there's no guarantee if you like the music you will empathize with the culture and the people who made it. It doesn't necessarily happen. I think it can, but it doesn't necessarily happen. Which is kind of a shame.;David Byrne;music
I supply the music for Vampires, which is a new series that's coming out.;John Entwistle;music
If anything, a lot of electronic music is music that no one listens to at home, hardly. It's really only to be heard when everyone's out enjoying it.;David Byrne;music
Ninety percent of all music is always crap, and when too many people decide they're going to have guitar bands, then ninety percent of them are going to be crap. It's just a given law.;David Byrne;music
It seems almost backwards to me that my music seems the more emotional outlet, and the art stuff seems more about ideas.;David Byrne;music
There's something about music that encourages people to want to know more about the person that made it, and where it was recorded, what year it was done, what they were listening to, and all this kind of stuff. There's something that invites all this obsessive behavior.;David Byrne;music
Everything we release with Tool is inspired by our music.;Maynard James Keenan;music
What I like about music is the songs you can remember the lines of in a single second.;Karl Lagerfeld;music
Music is part of the life of fashion, too.;Karl Lagerfeld;music
Singing is a way of releasing an emotion that you sometimes can't portray when you're acting. And music moves your soul, so music is the source of the most intense emotions you can feel.;Amanda Seyfried;music
Remember the first time you went to a show and saw your favorite band. You wore their shirt, and sang every word. You didn't know anything about scene politics, haircuts, or what was cool. All you knew was that this music made you feel different from anyone you shared a locker with. Someone finally understood you. This is what music is about.;Gerard Way;music
The only reason that you do visual is solely for the visual. That's the only reason. It doesn't sell your music for you.;Shania Twain;music
Without a doubt, the best way to get to know me is through my music.;Shania Twain;music
Country music is still your grandpa's music, but it's also your daughter's music. It's getting bigger and better all the time and I'm glad to be a part of it.;Shania Twain;music
Music is a great natural high and a great natural escape.;Shania Twain;music
Marilyn Monroe never sold a platinum album. And more people know my music than what I look like.;Shania Twain;music
My music must reflect whatever's going on in my mind, and my life needs to evolve for me to discover who it is I'm becoming.;Shania Twain;music
I have terrible hearing trouble. I have unwittingly helped to invent and refine a type of music that makes its principal proponents deaf.;Pete Townshend;music
All my concerts had no sounds in them they were completely silent. People had to make up their own music in their minds!;Yoko Ono;music
Beethoven can write music, thank God, but he can do nothing else on earth.;Ludwig van Beethoven;music
I think people need to have fun with whatever they're doing - makeup, their clothes, music, live shows - anything you don't need to take too seriously, don't take too seriously.;Kesha;music
Rock 'n' roll music is what gets me off.;Joan Jett;music
When I listen to music, I don't want to hear about flowers. I like death and destruction.;Jonathan Davis;music
Music is the career I'm lucky enough to get paid for, but I have other desires and passions.;Layne Staley;music
I had spent many years pursuing excellence, because that is what classical music is all about... Now it was dedicated to freedom, and that was far more important.;Nina Simone;music
The best music is essentially there to provide you something to face the world with.;Bruce Springsteen;music
Music was invented to confirm human loneliness.;Lawrence Durrell;music
Music never dies. Do we really need another Madonna tour? Does she have to compete with women performers 25 years her junior?;Camille Paglia;music
Yet, it ought to be obvious that good music generally occupies a higher plane that mere politics. Great writers can express moods through melody and capture experiences we share most powerfully - love, lust, longing joy, rage, fear triumph, yearning and confusion.;Tony Snow;music
Every so often, I feel I should graduate to classical music, properly. But the truth is, I'm more likely to listen to rock music.;Tony Blair;music
Music is really something that makes people whole.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;music
I think the world is ready for some rock 'n' roll. Some real time guys that play their own instruments, write their own songs, and sing the music and have a good time doing it.;Vince Neil;music
People are going deaf because music is played louder and louder, but because they're going deaf, it has to be played louder still.;Milan Kundera;music
Do I listen to pop music because I'm miserable or am I miserable because listen to pop music?;John Cusack;music
For me, music and life are all about style.;Miles Davis;music
Music must take rank as the highest of the fine arts - as the one which, more than any other, ministers to the human spirit.;Herbert Spencer;music
A lot of music is mathematics. It's balance.;Mel Brooks;music
I think that a song, when it works, never mind a piece of long form music, even a song is something that speaks to itself but has a language all of its own, ideally.;Steve Hackett;music
I'm not trying to clock scores in this lifetime, it's just that things are better now than they were like five, ten years ago. Music has gotten a lot better. There's a lot of people who are committed to - soulfully.;Jerry Garcia;music
If not for music, I would probably be a very frustrated scientist. It's one way to answer the question, 'What is the meaning of life?' I feel music answers it better.;Paula Cole;music
I listen to music for emotion and I get zero emotion from rap.;Sebastian Bach;music
I just do what I do. I like to make music.;Neil Young;music
I want my music to do the explaining.;Demi Lovato;music
I was lucky enough to be the lady that was asked to be Maria in the Sound Of Music, and that film was fortunate enough to be huge hit. The same with Mary Poppins. I got terribly lucky in that respect.;Julie Andrews;music
As a rule, my focus is on classical music, but I love jazz. I love everything, actually.;Julie Andrews;music
Linguistic philosophers continue to argue that probably music is not a language, that is in the philosophical debate. Another point of view is to say that music is a very profound language.;Robert Fripp;music
Getting into music has changed my personality and way of doing things. I'm far more open now.;Shaun White;music
More than art, more than literature, music is universally accessible.;Billy Joel;music
If you make music for the human needs you have within yourself, then you do it for all humans who need the same things. You enrich humanity with the profound expression of these feelings.;Billy Joel;music
In America, life is introverted, self-absorbed - and so is their music.;Chris Barber;music
For whatever reason, not all people are born with the particular gift of being able to express ourselves through music. And, believe me, it is a gift.;Billy Joel;music
Country music is three chords and the truth.;Harlan Howard;music
In the course of transferring all my CDs to my iPod, I have found myself wandering the musical hallways of my past and reacquainting myself with music I haven't listened to in years.;Susan Orlean;music
Maybe someday you can accuse somebody of being a poseur by selling out and playing blues music, but that's just not going to happen in my lifetime.;John Mayer;music
The bottom line is that musicians love to make music and always will.;Jennifer Lopez;music
Nature's music is never over her silences are pauses, not conclusions.;Mary Webb;music
In essence, String Theory describes space and time, matter and energy, gravity and light, indeed all of God's creation... as music.;Roy H. Williams;music
There is still a future with music, because people want music.;Maynard James Keenan;music
People who make music together cannot be enemies, at least while the music lasts.;Paul Hindemith;music
I haven't heard any music on the BBC World Service in a long time. Maybe I'm listening at the wrong times. But not one single piece of music.;Aung San Suu Kyi;music
Everything revolves around the music when it comes to Tool.;Maynard James Keenan;music
After all, in today's music scene every band seems to steal from other bands.;Maynard James Keenan;music
Music is my life, it is a reflection of what I go through.;Lenny Kravitz;music
There's no religion but sex and music.;Sting;music
I have a big problem with piped music. I like either silence or to listen to it properly.;Sting;music
I see music as one language. If one musical form eats its own tail, it dies. So it needs to be a mongrel, it needs to be hybridised.;Sting;music
I quit high school on my birthday. It was my senior year and I didn't see the point. This was 1962, and I was ready to make music.;Barry White;music
I write the music, produce it and the band plays within the parameters that I set.;Sting;music
I think no artist can claim to have any access to the truth, or an authentic version of an event. But obviously they have slightly better means at their disposal because they have their art to energize whatever it is they're trying to write about. They have music.;Thom Yorke;music
We're musicians. We make music for a living. It's that simple. Nothing else matters.;Eddie Van Halen;music
My horizon on humanity is enlarged by reading the writers of poems, seeing a painting, listening to some music, some opera, which has nothing at all to do with a volatile human condition or struggle or whatever. It enriches me as a human being.;Wole Soyinka;music
When I grew up, what was interesting for me was that music was color and life was gray. So music for me has always been more than entertainment.;Pete Townshend;music
Entertainment came out of this thing called a television, and it was gray. Most of the films that we saw at the cinema were black and white. It was a gray world. And music somehow was in color.;Pete Townshend;music
I'm writing constantly about all my crazy experiences across the world, so I have a lot of music I've already written.;Kesha;music
I think it's important for people who love music to retain physical CDs or even vinyl, because it sounds so great and so much warmer than music over the internet.;Norah Jones;music
And you have a record company behind it, this is a key too, you need people to fight for your records, at least a little bit. So if you have a great song, it's catchy, and you've got a little bit of help, I think that's all you need. But there hasn't been that in music.;Joan Jett;music
Def Leppard is obviously a different band that we are, but the music work well tighter. And the audiences seem work well together too. We are opening, but we're having a good time.;Joan Jett;music
I like music that's more offensive. I like it to sound like nails on a blackboard, get me wild.;Iggy Pop;music
I like to hang out with my friends. I love music. I like to go to the movies. I like to eat. I like to cook.;Joan Jett;music
I plan to stay in music. I plan to keep making records.;Joan Jett;music
I sure saw a lot of kids that I'm sure didn't know a lot about us, or we were definitely new to them. The kids who came up to me afterward, we'd talk about music, sign a lot of autographs. So I'm sure we made a lot of new fans.;Joan Jett;music
I think what I'm going to do is get more balance in my life to still be able to go out and play the hard rock 'n' roll and do what I like to do in music.;Joan Jett;music
So it was out of necessity that Blackheart was born. I think it's great that now, 25 years later, we're not only putting out our own music, but are able to put out music by other bands. That's really exciting for us.;Joan Jett;music
I've done some acting and a lot of different things, but mostly it's the music.;Joan Jett;music
Before I settled on music, I wanted to be an archaeologist, an astronaut, all sorts of really diverse things.;Joan Jett;music
Australia is so cool that it's hard to even know where to start describing it. The beaches are beautiful so is the weather. Not too crowded. Great food, great music, really nice people. It must be a lot like Los Angeles was many years ago.;Mary-Kate Olsen;music
Pop music is not a threatening style of music.;Joan Jett;music
I know music is subjective.;Joan Jett;music
Well, I'll tell you, I don't know how aware teenagers are of me. I think it really depends on the teenager and how well-versed in music they are and what kind of music they like.;Joan Jett;music
