There are now over 5,000 medical physicists in the U.S more than 50 times the number in 1958.;John Cameron;medical
It is my sincere hope that hospitals across Indiana, and America, continue to strive for excellence when it comes to providing medical care. This proposed rule will be harmful to communities who wish to upgrade their medical facilities.;Steve Buyer;medical
The technology used to detect if vehicles are carrying radioactive material is so sensitive it can tell if a person recently received radiation as part of a medical procedure.;Timothy Murphy;medical
The current medical records system is this: Room after room after room in a hospital filled with paper files.;Timothy Murphy;medical
If one of us, any of us, any American is traveling in a town somewhere in America and a medical crisis hits them, for someone who is diabetic or perhaps has heart disease or some other problems, where do we get the records to determine what to do?;Timothy Murphy;medical
Nobody had ever told me junk food was bad for me. Four years of medical school, and four years of internship and residency, and I never thought anything was wrong with eating sweet rolls and doughnuts, and potatoes, and bread, and sweets.;Robert Atkins;medical
Whether it's possible or not, being a doctor, you take an oath. To care for your patient, not to kill them. You take an oath to do things that are proper in the medical world. Not to administer something outside of a hospital setting that's not even your area.;Jermaine Jackson;medical
I have four strikes against me. I'm black, I'm short, I'm intelligent, and I have a medical condition.;Gary Coleman;medical
America's doctors, nurses and medical researchers are the best in the world, but our health care system is broken.;Mike Ferguson;medical
When Demetrie got sick, we knew it was our responsibility to take care of her and pay her medical bills. And we embraced that. But the tricky part is, like so many families in the South, we also expected her to use a separate bathroom, to use separate utensils.;Kathryn Stockett;medical
There are the medical dangers of football in general caused by head trauma over repetitive hits.;H. G. Bissinger;medical
Consider this: I can go to Antarctica and get cash from an ATM without a glitch, but should I fall ill during my travels, a hospital there could not access my medical records or know what medications I am on.;Nathan Deal;medical
Jobs for every American is doomed to failure because of modern automation and production. We ought to recognize it and create an income-maintenance system so every single American has the dignity and the wherewithal for shelter, basic food, and medical care. I'm talking about welfare for all. Without it, you're going to have warfare for all.;Jerry Brown;medical
Three of my children are medical doctors, they know at least a hundred times as much about your body as my grandfather knew, but they don't know much more about soul than he did.;John Templeton;medical
But I spent just two calendar years at Cornell University, though it was covering more than three years of work, and then went to medical school and did become interested in psychiatry, and even helped form a kind of psychiatry club in medical school.;Robert Jay Lifton;medical
Even top caliber hospitals cannot escape medical mistakes that sometimes result in irreparable damage to patients.;Carl Levin;medical
I am committed to ensure that our intelligence community, law enforcement, medical professionals, and military have the information and funding needed to protect the American people from threats at home and abroad.;Leonard Boswell;medical
C-17s should be ready to go at various military bases around the world packed with water, food, medical supplies, sleeping bags and tents, all prepared to be air dropped in alongside soldiers and doctors to begin relief efforts.;Steven Van Zandt;medical
It has been suggested at various times that I should start an operation in the United Kingdom but - bearing in mind my age and medical history - I think this would be not a very sensible way to go forward.;Martin Fleischmann;medical
Although awareness of cancer's prevalence in the United States improves and medical advances in the field abound, pancreatic cancer has largely been absent from the list of major success stories.;Chris Van Hollen;medical
There's a lot of interest from the medical community on how things develop in microgravity, and the hope, later, that is expected to apply to what the changes are in humans as well.;Linda M. Godwin;medical
Modern medical advances have helped millions of people live longer, healthier lives. We owe these improvements to decades of investment in medical research.;Ike Skelton;medical
After I read all the medical journals and watched all the documentaries, I still didn't understand the physical sensation of ticking and where it comes from and what it feels like.;Robin Tunney;medical
Reform of the medical liability system should be considered as part of a comprehensive response to surging medical malpractice premiums that endanger Americans' access to quality medical care.;Lincoln Chafee;medical
I unfortunately had a lot of medical procedures throughout my life, so I decided to paint all of my surgeries as a way to heal and as a way to grow.;Paz de la Huerta;medical
Now a cholera epidemic was sweeping through Southeast Asia and south Asia in the early 1970s, so I started medical school and I joined a laboratory to work on this.;Peter Agre;medical
The logic is often far-fetched - how does medical marijuana affect interstate commerce? - and some conservatives would like judges to start throwing out federal laws wholesale on commerce clause grounds. The court once again said no thanks.;Michael Kinsley;medical
Libertarians argue that no normal adult has the right to impose choices on other normal adults, except in abnormal circumstances, such as when one person finds another unconscious and administers medical assistance or calls an ambulance.;Tom G. Palmer;medical
However, many skilled medical volunteers are turned away because community health centers cannot afford to cover their additional medical liability insurance.;Tim Murphy;medical
They don't like thinking in medical school. They memorize - that's all they want you to do. You must not think.;John Backus;medical
I'm a medical doctor and a biomedical scientist.;Steven Hatfill;medical
I completed medical school at Loma Linda University School of Medicine in 1984.;Samuel Wilson;medical
I spent some time at White Memorial Medical Center as a senior medical student doing a rotation in surgery however, I felt I wasn't getting enough time assisting.;Samuel Wilson;medical
I would like to promote the concept of a partnership of insurance companies, physicians and hospitals in deploying a basic framework for an electronic medical records system that is affordable.;Samuel Wilson;medical
I would like the Medical Society to be one of the resources for information about the influences that have an impact on our patients and our practices.;Samuel Wilson;medical
In addition, I'll be attending women's health expos and medical conferences with the goal to promote dialogue between women and their health-care providers.;Karen Duffy;medical
I wanted to go to medical school. But, I never got a college scholarship.;Edwin Moses;medical
Just the actual physical ability to hold four instruments simultaneously and do some of the things that Vivien was able to do is mind blowing to any surgeon. He never went to medical school and he became one of the great teachers of medicine himself, people are just amazed.;Mary Stuart Masterson;medical
The fact that he didn't get credit for a while is more the story of social injustice. But his own spirit wasn't driven by that, and wasn't dependent upon that. He just wished he had the cash to go to medical school.;Mary Stuart Masterson;medical
I'd like to think Helen very much understood what it was to be disadvantaged in the medical field. And that that was something that she never let dictate her choices.;Mary Stuart Masterson;medical
If I had the medical clearance to fight, I would want to fight the best. The best would be Mayweather.;Roberto Duran;medical
Even people who feel perfectly comfortable investing in the stock market and owning their own homes often have qualms about individual medical accounts or Social Security private accounts.;Jacob Hacker;medical
It is false to suggest that medical breakthroughs come only through government research.;Roger Wicker;medical
The space industry is developing and delivering benefits that tie into our immediate needs and priorities here on Earth-for example, medical and materials research, and satellite communications.;Marc Garneau;medical
Why doesn't Apple stop for a year and make medical devices? When people talk about technology, that's where I start to get a little hot under the collar because I know that it's the key to solving some of the world's biggest problems. Having a faster, thinner telephone is not one of the world's biggest problems.;Luke Perry;medical
I set up a laboratory in the Department of Physiology in the Medical School in South Africa and begin to try to find a bacteriophage system which we might use to solve the genetic code.;Sydney Brenner;medical
The government can still conduct clandestine searches of innocent people's private information such as library, medical, and financial records. This is wrong and should have been addressed in a true compromise.;Jose Serrano;medical
Today, it is research with human embryonic stem cells and attempts to prepare cloned stem cells for research and medical therapies that are being disavowed as being ethically unacceptable.;Paul Berg;medical
After wrestling with myself for six months, I began medical treatment. During that time I started a band with some friends of mine called Jack's Car, but that didn't last.;Jack Irons;medical
I welcome the President and working with him to try to get some of that medical malpractice reform so we can get the cost of health care to come down.;Ben Quayle;medical
Fort Smith, being the place of my longest stay, was the scene of my largest medical practice.;Ernest Thompson Seton;medical
Radio interoperability is essential for our police, fire, and emergency medical service departments to communicate with each other in times of emergency.;Lucille Roybal-Allard;medical
Understand that legal and illegal are political, and often arbitrary, categorizations use and abuse are medical, or clinical, distinctions.;Abbie Hoffman;medical
My diminished girth, in tailor phraseology, was hardly conceivable even by my own friends, or my respected medical adviser, until I put on my former clothing, over what I now wear, which is a thoroughly convincing proof of the remarkable change.;William Banting;medical
We have a lot to gain through furthering stem cell research, but medical breakthroughs should be fundamentally about saving, not destroying, human life. Therefore, I support stem cell research that does not destroy the embryo.;Michael Steele;medical
Yes, there is a story about Agent Orange, and we knew that it harmed our troops and we knew how long it was to get the medical community to accept that, the military to accept it, the VA to accept it.;Christopher Shays;medical
When you talk about obesity, there's so many things that can cause that. It can be a medical thing, or down to the individual. There's a lot of other things involved than eating a Mars bar.;Peter Shilton;medical
We still have people in the active duty, and if people are feeling ill, if they're experiencing various symptoms and they're still in the active duty, they're less likely to come forward because that could result in their medical discharge.;Bernard Sanders;medical
I am a military police officer and I have served on two deployments my first was to Iraq, in a medical unit, and my second deployment was to Kuwait, as a military police platoon leader.;Tulsi Gabbard;medical
In my own life, I decided to leave meat off my plate in medical school, but was a bit slow to realise that dairy products and eggs are not health foods either.;Neal Barnard;medical
When I was a child, I was unable to go to any type of sleepaway summer camp because of health issues. Once I learned about the Lopez Foundation, I knew I wanted to get involved, send kids with kidney disease away to camp so they can still experience overnight camp with medical needs at hand.;Sarah Hyland;medical
Eating disorders can have serious medical and psychological consequences which, left unchecked, can kill. Parents should address this issue and ask their children to discuss how they feel about themselves.;Tipper Gore;medical
Quite frankly, Barack Obama knows what it's like to pay a mortgage and student loans. He knows what it's like to watch a beloved family member in a medical crisis and worry that treatment is out of reach. Barack Obama knows our struggles. And, my friends, he shares our values.;Ted Strickland;medical
Every article I wrote in those days, every speech I made, is full of pleading for the recognition of lead poisoning as a real and serious medical problem.;Alice Hamilton;medical
That's why I wanted to be part of this AIDS Project Los Angeles party. We help raise funds for those who are having a tough time with some very basic necessities, like shelter, food, and medical care.;Brande Roderick;medical
Jews were asked when life begins. For them it's when they finally graduate medical school.;Evan Sayet;medical
And of course, identifying all human genes and proteins will have great medical significance.;Daniel Nathans;medical
So I applied to medical school and received a scholarship at Washington University in St. Louis. Washington University turned out to be a lucky choice. The faculty was scholarly and dedicated and accessible to students.;Daniel Nathans;medical
Drug abuse is a medical disease that requires medical professionals.;Doug Ose;medical
Americans of all ages deserve quality end-of-life medical care.;Bill Nelson;medical
I have no qualms about saying I am more confident in the medical treatment in America. The breast cancer survival rate is 20 per cent higher than in the UK.;Koo Stark;medical
Charge forward with hope and get the best medical advice you can. Talk to your friends, neighbors, family, and together you attack it. We can't always control what happens to us, but we can always control how we react to it.;Robert Urich;medical
I have many times thought I did the wrong thing, but the reason was not to be a medical doctor - it was just to have the information. But then, maybe I was wrong, I don't know.;Lennart Nilsson;medical
Canadians have been very generous toward Haiti after the earthquake and, thanks to you, our most vulnerable people have received food, drinkable water, shelter, medical care and education. For that, we are extremely grateful.;Laurent Lamothe;medical
You know what they call the fellow who finishes last in his medical school graduating class? They call him 'Doctor.';Abe Lemons;medical
There are three subjects on which the knowledge of the medical profession in general is woefully weak they are manners, morals, and medicine.;Gerald F. Lieberman;medical
In the Radiation Laboratory we count it a privilege to do everything we can to assist our medical colleagues in the application of these new tools to the problems of human suffering.;Ernest Lawrence;medical
After he was assassinated, his family and the men who had served him continued the lying and began the destruction, censoring and hiding of JFK's medical records.;Richard Reeves;medical
Kennedy lied and lied about his health while he was alive, even using his father's influence to get into the Navy without ever taking a medical examination.;Richard Reeves;medical
I don't practice, but I am still officially in paediatrics. I keep in touch with journals, and I have a very good data bank of medical information and there is a key thing for a writer knowing where to go. I know where to go to get the information that I need.;Jonathan Kellerman;medical
When families save, they can get through emergencies like a bad harvest or a medical emergency. But it's more than that. They can also plan for the future, gradually saving up for a small business or for their children's school tuition.;Jeff Raikes;medical
I don't believe medical discoveries are doing much to advance human life. As fast as we create ways to extend it we are inventing ways to shorten it.;Christiaan Barnard;medical
The bill would ban human cloning, and any attempts at human cloning, for both reproductive purposes and medical research. Also forbidden is the importing of cloned embryos or products made from them.;Ken Calvert;medical
On bad days, I think I'd like to be a plastic surgeon who goes to Third World countries and operates on children in villages with airlifts, and then I think, 'Yeah, right, I'm going to go back to undergraduate school and take all the biology I missed and then go to medical school.' No. No.;Tama Janowitz;medical
And it was back in the mid-1980s, and as I point out in a piece, that was when we are spending about eight percent of our gross domestic product on health care. And even then, we had the impression that so much of the excessive, aggressive medical treatment that took place at the end of life was not only unnecessary but it was cruel.;Richard Dooling;medical
To make a coverage decision, doesn't one have to make a medical judgment?;John Paul Stevens;medical
I was proud to share the stories of my friends at Georgetown Law who have suffered dire medical consequences because our student insurance does not cover contraception for the purpose of preventing pregnancy.;Sandra Fluke;medical
I went to Duke University in the medical track. And then I decided I wanted to do something more creative, so I switched to biochemistry at Nebraska.;Ken Wilber;medical
The grounding in natural sciences which I obtained in the course of my medical studies, including preliminary examinations in botany, zoology, physics, and chemistry, was to become decisive in determining the trend of my literary work.;Johannes Vilhelm Jensen;medical
Was this an old disease, and, if so, which one? If it was new, what did that say about the state of medical knowledge? And in any case, how could physicians make sense of it?;Peter Lewis Allen;medical
Medical research in the twentieth century mostly takes place in the lab in the Renaissance, though, researchers went first and foremost to the library to see what the ancients had said.;Peter Lewis Allen;medical
The sort of thinking at the time was, 'Well, we're giving you access to medical care which you wouldn't otherwise be able to get, so your payment is that we get to use you in research.';Rebecca Skloot;medical
We ought to be providing protective sanctuaries for the Kurdish rebels. That means finding some places where they can come and to which we will then be able to provide food and water and medical help.;Les Aspin;medical
Because of my medical and ideological training, I am accustomed to saying that life is adaptation and symbiosis.;Tabare Vazquez;medical
Alfred Nobel was much concerned, as are we all, with the tangible benefits we hope for and expect from physiological and medical research, and the Faculty of the Caroline Institute has ever been alert to recognize practical benefits.;Haldan Keffer Hartline;medical
In 1963 and later papers, I pointed out that the special market characteristics of medical care and medical insurance could be explained by reference to differences in information among the parties involved.;Kenneth Joseph Arrow;medical
In a wristwatch, imagine the battery is in the strap and there's a medical sensor in there connected to the internet. If someone is monitoring that, they could phone up if the user has forgotten to take some medication. This could save hundreds of dollars in medical fees later. What's missing? It's a stable battery.;Donald Sadoway;medical
As a physician and as a pilot, I think it lets me be a pretty good translator having one foot in the medical world and one foot in the flying world. Sometimes when the medical guys come in and speak medical stuff to the pilots, the pilots really don't know what they're saying.;David M. Brown;medical
I broke down while at Oxford, was rejected by a record number of medical tribunals during the War, and finally got permission to leave Oxford and do civilian work till the War ended.;Leonard Alfred George Strong;medical
