John Ford was so funny that I couldn't wait to go to work in the morning.;Richard Widmark;morning
I get up in the morning, torture a typewriter until it screams, then stop.;Clarence Budington Kelland;morning
This morning's scene is good and fine, Long rain has not harmed the land.;Du Fu;morning
Directing is: you're overwhelmed the whole time. Your mind never stops. If you care about it. You wake up in the morning and you begin thinking about it and then you go to sleep at night and you're still thinking about it.;Campbell Scott;morning
I feel pretty good when I get out of bed in the morning. I don't feel all beat up, which is nice.;Drew Bledsoe;morning
A clear cold morning with high wind: we caught in a trap a large gray wolf, and last night obtained in the same way a fox who had for some time infested the neighbourhood of the fort.;Meriwether Lewis;morning
The rain, which had continued yesterday and last night, ceased this morning. We then proceeded, and after passing two small islands about ten miles further, stopped for the night at Piper's landing, opposite another island.;Meriwether Lewis;morning
We had high and boisterous winds last night and this morning: the Indians continue to purchase repairs with grain of different kinds.;Meriwether Lewis;morning
I don't think I'm going to do any good work this morning.;David O. Selznick;morning
Bill Bennett really became an idol for me. I listened to him every morning from 6 to 9 for, oh, years.;Jonathan Krohn;morning
I like to be busy and I like to have places to go in the morning, when I get up.;Sean Hayes;morning
I remember we woke up one morning at Denny's house and John Phillips called. He said, you guys okay? We said, yeah, what's wrong, what's going on? He said, well, everybody's dead over at Sharon's house at Terry Melcher's place.;Barry McGuire;morning
He who stands with his face to the East in the morning will have the sun before him. If he does not change his posture, the Earth in the meantime having changed its, he will have the sun no longer before him, but behind.;Daniel De Leon;morning
The problem with growing up in a cafe was the cafe never closed, my parents worked every day of the year from morning to night. So it was a big menagerie of kids, business and cooking!;Anthony Minghella;morning
This morning in the Washington Post there was a statistic about how 85% of Americans are Christians.;Sally Quinn;morning
I mean when you come into the set at 7:30 in the morning and you come out of make-up and the first thing you know, the ladies start coming into our dressing rooms at 7:45.;Burt Ward;morning
I got a call this morning, and it was from Nancy Kerrigan, wishing me luck. She wished me luck and sent me all her good wishes.;Michelle Kwan;morning
Oh, I have this feud going with the L.A. Unified School District, because I keep getting these phone calls saying my daughter keeps missing classes, I mean, at all hours of the night, I had like, two calls this morning and I keep calling saying I haven't got a daughter!;Chris Colfer;morning
I had this temp receptionist job in New York, and I kind of hated it, and in the morning I would come out of the subway and just walk along the New York streets with all these people around me and kind of sing to myself. Like, 'She's gonna make it!';Elizabeth Meriwether;morning
The regular guy still relates to him and Howard is a $500 million guy now who dates a model and drives about in a limo all day. But Howard still knows how to make a plumber laugh and those guys still have him on in the morning, because he is a real talent.;Artie Lange;morning
I did that for 40 years or more. I never had any writer's block. I got up in the morning, sat down at the typewriter - now, computer - lit up a cigarette.;Frederik Pohl;morning
I just had that conversation this morning with my doctor. I just got back from the hospital a half-hour ago, and nothing will make me happier than to replicate the DNA of my amazing husband. I'm optimistic.;Karen Duffy;morning
Congressman Berg will repeatedly talk about Harry Reid and Barack Obama, and I find it interesting, because this morning, when I woke up and brushed my teeth, I looked in the mirror and I did not see a tall, African-American, skinny man. So let's make it clear that my priorities are North Dakota priorities.;Heidi Heitkamp;morning
You don't learn style from watching people on a runway. Fashion happens every morning when you wake up.;Shalom Harlow;morning
Hezbollah's contempt for human suffering is total, as it showed once again this morning when its rockets murdered two Israeli Arab children in Nazareth.;Tom Lantos;morning
What is different is I am giving the kids a chance to train every day. Not only once a day, but sometimes when they do not have school, we will try to do something in the morning too.;Thomas Dooley;morning
It's not like I just have to go to Washington and go to the White House everyday, and go to the same press conference at 10 in the morning and then be briefed at 4 in the afternoon, and then get a story on at 6.;Tabitha Soren;morning
I put on lip balm first thing in the morning and always use it before I swipe on my red lipstick.;Heather Morris;morning
Our perception of celebrities in Hollywood is not the reality. The reality of our lives is so much like everyone else's life. We have family members we love, everyone gets up in the morning, they have three meals a day and they go about their business.;Sissy Spacek;morning
This house was our dream-the gardens, the study, even the swimming pool. Even though I can't see John when I wake up in the morning, I can always feel him here with me.;Shirley Knight;morning
It really depends, but, generally speaking, just because of the mechanics of it, voice-over is easier because there is no hair, no makeup, no wardrobe, no fittings, no line memorizing. You don't have to me woken up in Russia at 6 in the morning and go film a scene. It's just easier on the body, the family life to do voice-overs.;Kathy Najimy;morning
I just motor through school in the morning and then go skating.;Ryan Sheckler;morning
It's disrespectful to tell the French in the morning that you're going to reduce the debt, in the evening that you're not going to make any savings, and the next morning, after thinking about it, that you're going to spend more.;Nicolas Sarkozy;morning
The work is with me when I wake up in the morning it is with me while I eat my breakfast in bed and run through the newspaper, while I shave and bathe and dress.;C. S. Forester;morning
People in Oklahoma don't wake up every morning wondering what the government is going to do for them.;Mick Cornett;morning
I'm thinking to myself, I just love doing the art, it takes me a morning to do.;Eddie Campbell;morning
I'm not a T.G.I.F. guy. I get off a plane at 2 o'clock in the morning and I'm looking for my secretary because I want to know what's going on.;Vijay Mallya;morning
I go jogging for 25 minutes every morning, even if I'm away from home.;Pierre Dukan;morning
At the very end of a book I can manage to work for longer stretches, but mostly, making stuff up for three hours, that's enough. I can't do any more. At the end of the day I might tinker with my morning's work and maybe write some again. But I think three hours is fine.;Peter Carey;morning
I made that decision back in 1985. I was out here getting certified in SCUBA with Garcia in Kona and I thought to myself, this is a place to wake up in in the morning.;Bill Kreutzmann;morning
I'm on VH1 now, will be working on ITV's This Morning again from September.;Lisa Snowdon;morning
I m up at 5 in the morning and in bed by 10 in the evening.;DeForest Kelley;morning
I loved it, but social reality impeded. Now I wander in here at 9 in the morning or so, and come back for a while in the afternoon. I am a very lenient boss.;Donald E. Westlake;morning
I start work at 5 in the morning and I have a wicked insomnia problem.;Don Winslow;morning
You know, I mean this sincerely, you know, I'm so grateful that I get to get up in the morning and do this, you know, and write books.;Don Winslow;morning
I get started at 5:30 in the morning and write till 10 A.M. Then I hike six or seven miles before going back to work.;Don Winslow;morning
The big thing is hydrating the day before the race. I will have 20 ounces of water right when I get up in the morning the day before, and I'll drink throughout the day.;Ryan Hall;morning
When I got my very first phone call that I'd hit the 'New York Times' list, I had a small rush of 'I've made it!' But the next morning, it occurred to me I didn't know what it was, so I called my agent and asked what being a 'New York Times' bestselling author really meant. He informed me that I was now a thousand pound gorilla.;Lisa Gardner;morning
I lived at home and I cycled every morning to the railway station to travel by train to Johannesburg followed by a walk to the University, carrying sandwiches for my lunch and returning in the evening the same way.;Sydney Brenner;morning
Now the only thing I miss about sex is the cigarette afterward. Next to the first one in the morning, it's the best one of all. It tasted so good that even if I had been frigid I would have pretended otherwise just to be able to smoke it.;Florence King;morning
Yesterday morning I amused myself with an exercise of a talent I once possessed, but have so neglected that my performance might almost be called an experiment. I cut out a dress for one of the women.;Fanny Kemble;morning
I know a lot of people dread going to work every morning, but my work is playing pretend and doing stunts and screaming. It's a lot of fun and I get to play dress up. Every day is exciting and different and new and cool. I couldn't be more grateful.;Nina Dobrev;morning
I woke up one morning with this song in my head, and the opening line of the song is, 'My name was Richard Nixon, only now I'm a girl.';Bruce Cockburn;morning
Sometimes I miss out the morning's painting session and instead study my Japanese books in the open.;Gustav Klimt;morning
There is nothing that special to see when looking at me. I'm a painter who paints day in day out, from morning till evening - figure pictures and landscapes, more rarely portraits.;Gustav Klimt;morning
Ice skating is very difficult. It takes a lot of discipline and a lot of hard work. It's fun, but you are there on the ice every morning freezing and trying to do these moves and these tricks.;Michelle Trachtenberg;morning
I was lucky because on the morning after the burning of the Reichstag I left my home very early to catch a train to Berlin for the conference of our student organization and that is the only reason why I escaped arrest.;Klaus Fuchs;morning
Work is a prayer. And I start off every morning dedicating it to our Creator.;Joseph Murray;morning
Homer is new this morning, and perhaps nothing is as old as today's newspaper.;Charles Peguy;morning
There's nothing like coming home here, having the day off or morning off and going surfing. In Orlando I don't know what I would do.;Corbin Bernsen;morning
I have glaucoma, so use eye drops both morning and night.;Malcolm Boyd;morning
We'd be working in our motel room through the night, and I'd come up with an idea at two in the morning, and he'd start jumping up and down, pacing across the room, or whatever.;Arthur Hiller;morning
Hope is the motivation that empowers the unemployed, enabling them to get out of bed every single morning with unbounded enthusiasm as they look for work.;Emanuel Cleaver;morning
Our son is in school now. You know, he's six-and-a-half and so a big chunk of the day is taken up by school. So I'm hoping that I'll be able to certainly take him to school in the morning, maybe pick him up in the afternoon and come back to work.;Connie Chung;morning
I get up every morning and it's going to be a great day. You never know when it's going to be over so I refuse to have a bad day.;Paul Henderson;morning
The Bible says not to worry so I don't. I just get up in the morning and ask God for help to get through the day. If tomorrow shows up then I'll take the same shot tomorrow.;Paul Henderson;morning
There we times when everybody in the house has the flu. You're cleaning up vomit and it's 2 in the morning, and you're wishing there was somebody else there to help you.;Meg Tilly;morning
This morning someone sent me a very funny photo of me holding their puppy. We have matching colour jackets.;Luke Treadaway;morning
I need to eat before a workout. If I exercise in the morning, I'll have a little oatmeal, cereal, or a hard-boiled egg with toast. If I go in the afternoon, I'll eat a turkey sandwich with cheese for lunch.;Ana Ortiz;morning
Every morning I wake up with new ideas.;Caroll Shelby;morning
We usually never got out of there before four or five o'clock in the morning. Every morning. So it was rough.;Cab Calloway;morning
My first care the following morning was, to devise some means of discovering the man in the grey cloak.;Adelbert von Chamisso;morning
I looked at films as a career from necessity but all I have really wanted is my home and children. The two things just do not work out together when one has to leave home at 5.30 am in the morning to go to the studio.;Dinah Sheridan;morning
We also own a little boat and I'm like a kid with it. I take off early in the morning, fishing rod in tow, and just drift about the ocean all day.;Perry Como;morning
All we had aboard the ship that morning was one Annapolis graduate and three reserves.;Barney Ross;morning
It's very much like opera singers. They do the same thing. The first thing in the morning and the last thing at night, the thing they think about is their voice and how to take care of it.;Johnny Mathis;morning
On the 28th the ship's company received two months pay in advance, and on the following morning we worked out to St. Helen's, where we were obliged to anchor.;William Bligh;morning
The process hasn't changed, but the writer has developed. I still get up every morning and go to work.;Mordecai Richler;morning
I get up at an unholy hour in the morning my work day is completed by the time the sun rises. I have a slightly bad back which has made an enormous contribution to American literature.;David Eddings;morning
It was so quiet that morning in Paris that the heels of my two companions and myself were loud on the deserted pavements. It was a city of shuttered shops, and barred windows, and deserted avenues.;Philip Gibbs;morning
I met my boyfriend, a pro poker player, at a tournament. He tried to dissuade me because it's a seedy gritty world. Listen, I've played till 4 in the morning. I've played with a half million dollars on the table.;Jennifer Tilly;morning
Looking in the mirror to check if my tie is straight is a waste of my time. I only look in the mirror once a day, and that's in the morning when I shave.;Lennart Meri;morning
It was not enough to come and listen to a great sermon or message every Sunday morning and be confined to those four walls and those four corners. You had to get out and do something.;John Lewis;morning
I love my daughter, but she had me on couscous and fixed me pastas and made me eat oatmeal every morning and what else, turkey burgers, turkey bacon, and that kind of stuff. So she wants her dad to live a long time, and I do, too.;Dusty Baker;morning
The plane took off at 8:10 in the morning - or that's when it was scheduled to take off. And that's when I believe it took off. I had been in my office at the Department of Justice. Someone told me that there had been the two strikes that occurred at the World Trade Center.;Ted Olson;morning
As an actor, it's more interesting to play a nerd than anything else. It's a lot more fun - you don't worry about 'what's my hair like?' in the morning or 'which is my great angle?';Nicholas Brendon;morning
You really have to be a morning person if you want to be a teacher.;Alanna Ubach;morning
If you woke up each morning, and immediately dwelt on your ills, what sort of a day could you look forward to?;Maeve Binchy;morning
Homey don't quit. What else are you gonna do? It's like those guys in the cartoon they get up in the morning, check the clock and fight all day and after it's over they check the clock and go home. That's how it goes.;Chubby Checker;morning
I doing casual labor by the day. They wouldn't pay you until the next morning. There was a bar that would cash your check if you bought a beer first. A lot of guys never left until they'd drunk up all their money.;Fred Ward;morning
Politics gets me out of bed in the morning It's what really interests me. I'm a competitor, but I also feel like I'm contributing, whether it's working on health-care policy in the White House or out here in Chicago.;Stephanie Cutter;morning
I don't know any other lifestyle. I get up in the morning and I really do feel that the world is my oyster, and I start that way, the same as I would if I were preparing to write a song: put a blank piece of paper up on the piano and you go for it.;Lesley Gore;morning
I think I turned to writing really just to wake up in the morning and be a musician and to have something to do, and feel like a musician every day even if I wasn't working.;Lesley Gore;morning
Well, you know what? The actor still gets up in the morning, if he's still got something to work with, you go out there and you do it. Never quit!;Robert Forster;morning
I write best in the morning, and I can only write for about half a day, that's about it.;Norton Juster;morning
For me growing up, Christmas time was always the most fantastic, exciting time of year, and you'd stay up until three in the morning. You'd hear the parents wrapping in the other room but you knew that also, maybe, they were in collusion with Santa Claus.;Chris Pine;morning
The United States dollar took another pounding on German, French and British exchanges this morning, hitting the lowest point ever known in West Germany.;Gordon Sinclair;morning
Each of our children during their high school years went to 'early morning seminary' - scripture study classes that met in the home of a church member every school day morning from 6:30 until 7:15.;Clayton Christensen;morning
We climbed the stairs to the third floor, where Osama bin Laden died early in the morning of May 2, 2011.;Peter L. Bergen;morning
