Whatever dreams I have wished have come true.;Annette Funicello;dreams
No one may speak for the dead, no one may interpret their mutilated dreams and visions.;Elie Wiesel;dreams
I'd definitely be the kind of parent who enabled my child's dreams. I'd just watch and nurture and guide them. I have the blueprints of what not to do... I think I'd be a good parent, actually.;Drew Barrymore;dreams
Winners, I am convinced, imagine their dreams first. They want it with all their heart and expect it to come true. There is, I believe, no other way to live.;Joe Montana;dreams
The real hero is always a hero by mistake he dreams of being an honest coward like everybody else.;Umberto Eco;dreams
I am so excited to let fans in on how important my relationship with my family is to me. I hope to motivate mothers and daughters to build lifetimes of memories together and inspire kids around the world to live their dreams.;Miley Cyrus;dreams
'Do What You Gotta Do' is a positive, inspirational song that says no matter what it is whether you're up against challenges or trying to get your dreams and aspirations met, you should do what whatever you have to do shy of killing yourself or someone else.;Angie Stone;dreams
A successful life is one that is lived through understanding and pursuing one's own path, not chasing after the dreams of others.;Chin-Ning Chu;dreams
In our increasingly secular society, with so many disparate gods and different faiths, superhero films present a unique canvas upon which our shared hopes, dreams and apocalyptic nightmares can be projected and played out.;Tom Hiddleston;dreams
There are a lot of things that are personally uncomfortable to show, especially me without makeup and completely bloated or crying. But I've realized that it's time for me to show my audience that you don't have to be perfect to achieve your dreams.;Katy Perry;dreams
She still talks to me now, only now she talks to me in my dreams. And I can't wait to go to sleep tonight because we have a lot to talk about. I love you.;Jamie Foxx;dreams
Do It Under the Influence Yourself! That's what we're shooting for! Get drunk and make your dreams come true.;Aziz Ansari;dreams
Life being what it is, one dreams of revenge.;Paul Gauguin;dreams
I couldn't find the sports car of my dreams, so I built it myself.;Ferdinand Porsche;dreams
Learn from your dreams what you lack.;W. H. Auden;dreams
I've had quite a lot of luck with dreams. I've often awoken in the night with a phrase or even a whole song in my head.;Brian Eno;dreams
I think there's a time as a writer when you want to see the best things in life, and you go out wherever you go with your dreams as a writer or a composer.;Tori Amos;dreams
In my dreams, I could be a Princess, and that's what I was. Like most little girls, I believed nothing less than a Prince could make my dreams come true.;Loretta Young;dreams
With unemployment still abysmally high, the Obama economy is crushing Hispanics' dreams for their children to live a better life.;Marco Rubio;dreams
Mitt Romney will stop the attacks on job creators, encourage entrepreneurs to chase their dreams, and bring good jobs and a better future to all Americans.;Marco Rubio;dreams
We're special because dreams that are impossible anywhere else, come true here. That's not just my story. That's your story. That's our story.;Marco Rubio;dreams
The curse of the romantic is a greed for dreams, an intensity of expectation that, in the end, diminishes the reality.;Marya Mannes;dreams
The dreams which reveal the supernatural are promises and messages that God sends us directly: they are nothing but His angels, His ministering spirits , who usually appear to us when we are in a great predicament.;Paracelsus;dreams
Not all lucid dreams are useful but they all have a sense of wonder about them. If you must sleep through a third of your life, why should you sleep through your dreams, too?;Stephen LaBerge;dreams
There's always going to be dreams and goals I have, but I never really tell people what they are.;Tyra Banks;dreams
Intellectual despair results in neither weakness nor dreams, but in violence. It is only a matter of knowing how to give vent to one's rage whether one only wants to wander like madmen around prisons, or whether one wants to overturn them.;Georges Bataille;dreams
Every comedian dreams of hosting 'The Tonight Show' and, for seven months, I got to. I did it my way, with people I love, and I do not regret a second.;Conan O'Brien;dreams
Reality seems valueless by comparison with the dreams of fevered imaginations reality is therefore abandoned.;Emile Durkheim;dreams
Without peace, all other dreams vanish and are reduced to ashes.;Jawaharlal Nehru;dreams
People who insist on telling their dreams are among the terrors of the breakfast table.;Max Beerbohm;dreams
We must stop talking about the American dream and start listening to the dreams of Americans.;Max Beerbohm;dreams
Our dreams drench us in senses, and senses steps us again in dreams.;Amos Bronson Alcott;dreams
My imagination completely controls me, and forever feeds the fire that burns with dark red light in my heart by bringing me the best dreams. I've always had a wild imagination, a big heart and a tortured soul so I feel that dark fantasy, love and horror are in my blood.;Kim Elizabeth;dreams
Like dreams, statistics are a form of wish fulfillment.;Jean Baudrillard;dreams
All art is exorcism. I paint dreams and visions too the dreams and visions of my time. Painting is the effort to produce order order in yourself. There is much chaos in me, much chaos in our time.;Otto Dix;dreams
I have been interested in dreams, really since I was a kid. I have always been fascinated by the idea that your mind, when you are asleep, can create a world in a dream and you are perceiving it as though it really existed.;Christopher Nolan;dreams
Never in my wildest dreams did I entertain the idea that I would become a fashion designer.;Giorgio Armani;dreams
I might be writing what people expect me to write, writing from that place where I might be ruled by economic considerations. To overcome that, I started working with my dreams, because I'm not so censored when I use dream material.;Kathy Acker;dreams
I envy people with dreams and passions, but I don't think that way. I still don't have a 'bliss' to follow. For people like me - I suspect that's most people - holding out for a 'dream' or a 'passion' is paralyzing. I just like having work I enjoy that feels meaningful. That's hard enough... but it's enough.;Jane Pauley;dreams
Saddle your dreams before you ride em.;Mary Webb;dreams
Genius is an African who dreams up snow.;Vladimir Nabokov;dreams
Acting is also working with people who invite you into their dreams and trust you with their innermost being.;Catherine Deneuve;dreams
So many financial dreams are thwarted by the failure to act upon good intentions.;Suze Orman;dreams
I was not looking for my dreams to interpret my life, but rather for my life to interpret my dreams.;Susan Sontag;dreams
We use our parents like recurring dreams, to be entered into when needed.;Doris Lessing;dreams
Dreams get you into the future and add excitement to the present.;Robert Conklin;dreams
I've woken up from dreams and the whole song is there. I'm listening to it in my dreams. I consciously have to wake myself up and get a tape recorder because I hear it like a record.;Lenny Kravitz;dreams
As I live and am a man, this is an unexaggerated tale - my dreams become the substances of my life.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;dreams
I think when you move past your fear and you go after your dreams wholeheartedly, you become free.;LL Cool J;dreams
Through hard work, perseverance and a faith in God, you can live your dreams.;Benjamin Carson;dreams
If you're the type of person who has to fulfill your dreams, you've gotta be resourceful to make sure you can do it. I came out to California when I was 21, thinking my New York credentials would take me all the way. I came back home a year later all dejected and a failure.;Vin Diesel;dreams
I've said it before, but it's absolutely true: My mother gave me my drive, but my father gave me my dreams. Thanks to him, I could see a future.;Liza Minnelli;dreams
Hold fast to dreams For when dreams go Life is a barren field Frozen with snow.;Langston Hughes;dreams
We must not let our passions destroy our dreams.;Thomas S. Monson;dreams
I mean, I'm 48 years old and I've been through a lot in my life - you know, loss, whether it be death, illness, separation. I mean, the failed expectations... We all have dreams.;Annie Lennox;dreams
My life turned out to be beyond my greatest dreams.;Anthony Hopkins;dreams
My mother taught me that we all have the power to achieve our dreams. What I lacked was the courage.;Clay Aiken;dreams
Dreams come true without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them.;John Updike;dreams
People ask how can a Jewish kid from the Bronx do preppy clothes? Does it have to do with class and money? It has to do with dreams.;Ralph Lauren;dreams
Death is the mother of Beauty hence from her, alone, shall come fulfillment to our dreams and our desires.;Wallace Stevens;dreams
Our politics are our deepest form of expression: they mirror our past experiences and reflect our dreams and aspirations for the future.;Paul Wellstone;dreams
Our dreams are firsthand creations, rather than residues of waking life. We have the capacity for infinite creativity at least while dreaming, we partake of the power of the Spirit, the infinite Godhead that creates the cosmos.;Jackie Gleason;dreams
Dreams do come true, even for someone who couldn't speak English and never had a music lesson or much of an education.;Lawrence Welk;dreams
It is exactly because we are a city that embraces freedom, that welcomes everyone and encourages their dreams, that New York remains on the front lines in the war on terror.;Michael Bloomberg;dreams
Ironically, it is exactly because we are a city that embraces freedom, that welcomes everyone and encourages their dreams, that New York remains on the front lines in the war on terror.;Michael Bloomberg;dreams
Believe it or not, lots of people change their majors and abandon their dreams just to avoid a couple of math classes in college.;Danica McKellar;dreams
Of all our dreams today there is none more important - or so hard to realise - than that of peace in the world. May we never lose our faith in it or our resolve to do everything that can be done to convert it one day into reality.;Lester B. Pearson;dreams
It has been my observation that parents kill more dreams than anybody.;Spike Lee;dreams
Sigmund Freud said we act out our own dreams, but if you are only an actor you are not acting out your own dream. You are simply participating in someone else's dream.;John Malkovich;dreams
I have those dreams that you can't put into words.;Harry Connick, Jr.;dreams
I worked on my voice for Sweet Dreams, but only to match my speaking voice to Patsy's actual singing voice. That was my way into that character.;Jessica Lange;dreams
I'm very comfortable with the nature of life and death, and that we come to an end. What's most difficult to imagine is that those dreams and early yearnings and desires of childhood and adolescence will also disappear. But who knows? Maybe you become part of the eternal whatever.;Hugh Hefner;dreams
A dream is a scripture, and many scriptures are nothing but dreams.;Umberto Eco;dreams
Dreams are the seeds of change. Nothing ever grows without a seed, and nothing ever changes without a dream.;Debby Boone;dreams
My dreams have become puny with the reality my life has become.;Imelda Marcos;dreams
My dreams were always small and puny. All I ever needed was a little house with a little picket fence by the sea. Little did I know that I would live in Malacanang Palace for 20 years and visit all the major palaces of mankind. And then also meet ordinary citizens and the leaders of superpowers.;Imelda Marcos;dreams
I've had dreams about tricks.;Shaun White;dreams
Worse than not realizing the dreams of your youth, would be to have been young and never dreamed at all.;Jean Genet;dreams
My life has been a continuous fulfillment of dreams. It appears that everything I saw and did has a new, and perhaps, more significant meaning, every time I see it. The earth is good. It is a privilege to live thereon.;Liberty Hyde Bailey;dreams
Literature for me isn't a workaday job, but something which involves desires, dreams and fantasy.;Antonio Tabucchi;dreams
I love watching people's dreams come true.;Jessica Simpson;dreams
And our dreams are who we are.;Barbara Sher;dreams
You can't break my spirit, it's my dreams you take.;James Blunt;dreams
Big dreams create the magic that stir men's souls to greatness.;Bill McCartney;dreams
I don't like dreams or reality. I like when dreams become reality because that is my life.;Jean Paul Gaultier;dreams
My office is at Yankee stadium. Yes, dreams do come true.;Derek Jeter;dreams
I believe history will come to view 9/11 as an event on par with November 22, 1963, the date on which John F. Kennedy was murdered, cutting short a presidency that was growing ever more promising. Dreams died that day in Dallas it is easy to imagine the 1960s turning out rather differently had President Kennedy lived.;Jon Meacham;dreams
You control your future, your destiny. What you think about comes about. By recording your dreams and goals on paper, you set in motion the process of becoming the person you most want to be. Put your future in good hands - your own.;Mark Victor Hansen;dreams
Only in dreams, in poetry, in play do we sometimes arrive at what we were before we were this thing that, who knows, we are.;Julio Cortazar;dreams
From time immemorial artistic insights have been revealed to artists in their sleep and in dreams, so that at all times they ardently desired them.;Paracelsus;dreams
Field of Dreams is probably our generation's It's A Wonderful Life.;Kevin Costner;dreams
I'm a big fan of dreams. Unfortunately, dreams are our first casualty in life - people seem to give them up, quicker than anything, for a 'reality.';Kevin Costner;dreams
Instead of plotting the demise of the traditional family, as some politicians and religious leaders would have you believe, gay people mow their lawns and watch 'American Idol' and video their children's concerts and have the same hopes and dreams that their straight counterparts do.;Jodi Picoult;dreams
Seems like God don't see fit to give the black man nothing but dreams - but He did give us children to make them dreams seem worthwhile.;Lorraine Hansberry;dreams
Like all young reporters - brilliant or hopelessly incompetent - I dreamed of the glamorous life of the foreign correspondent: prowling Vienna in a Burberry trench coat, speaking a dozen languages to dangerous women, narrowly escaping Sardinian bandits - the usual stuff that newspaper dreams are made of.;Russell Baker;dreams
People's dreams are made out of what they do all day. The same way a dog that runs after rabbits will dream of rabbits. It's what you do that makes your soul, not the other way around.;Barbara Kingsolver;dreams
As a young man you don't notice at all that you were, after all, badly affected. For years afterwards, at least ten years, I kept getting these dreams, in which I had to crawl through ruined houses, along passages I could hardly get through.;Otto Dix;dreams
Love is the most terrible, and also the most generous of the passions it is the only one which includes in its dreams the happiness of someone else.;Alphonse Karr;dreams
I'm living out my dreams and I love what I do.;Ashley Tisdale;dreams
