Housework is what a woman does that nobody notices unless she hasn't done it.;Evan Esar;home
Where thou art, that is home.;Emily Dickinson;home
The fellow that owns his own home is always just coming out of a hardware store.;Kin Hubbard;home
The home should be the treasure chest of living.;Le Corbusier;home
There are only two things we should fight for. One is the defense of our homes and the other is the Bill of Rights.;Smedley Butler;home
In our home there was always prayer - aloud, proud and unapologetic.;Lyndon B. Johnson;home
Home is any four walls that enclose the right person.;Helen Rowland;home
The worst feeling in the world is the homesickness that comes over a man occasionally when he is at home.;E. W. Howe;home
I do not recall a Jewish home without a book on the table.;Elie Wiesel;home
If your house is burning, wouldn't you try and put out the fire?;Imran Khan;home
Home is the place we love best and grumble the most.;Billy Sunday;home
Home is the most popular, and will be the most enduring of all earthly establishments.;Channing Pollock;home
Home interprets heaven. Home is heaven for beginners.;Charles Henry Parkhurst;home
Run a home like you would a small business and treat it with the same seriousness.;Anthea Turner;home
A man's house is his castle.;James Otis;home
We know that when people are safe in their homes, they are free to pursue their dream for a brighter economic future for themselves and their families.;George Pataki;home
There is something permanent, and something extremely profound, in owning a home.;Kenny Guinn;home
Charity should begin at home, but should not stay there.;Phillips Brooks;home
Any old place I can hang my hat is home sweet home to me.;William Jerome;home
A man's home is his wife's castle.;Alexander Chase;home
Home wasn't built in a day.;Jane Sherwood Ace;home
To be a queen of a household is a powerful thing.;Jill Scott;home
I feel like I've never had a home, you know? I feel related to the country, to this country, and yet I don't know exactly where I fit in... There's always this kind of nostalgia for a place, a place where you can reckon with yourself.;Sam Shepard;home
Homesickness is nothing. Fifty percent of the people in the world are homesick all the time.;John Cheever;home
There is nothing more important than a good, safe, secure home.;Rosalynn Carter;home
Seek home for rest, for home is best.;Thomas Tusser;home
Since I travel so much, it's always great to be home. There's nothing like getting to raid my own refrigerator at two in the morning.;Amy Grant;home
The home is the chief school of human virtues.;William Ellery Channing;home
I love grocery shopping when I'm home. That's what makes me feel totally normal. I love both the idea of home as in being with my family and friends, and also the idea of exploration. I think those two are probably my great interests.;Yo-Yo Ma;home
A heart makes a good home for the friend.;Yunus Emre;home
Home, nowadays, is a place where part of the family waits till the rest of the family brings the car back.;Earl Wilson;home
I grew up in a household where everybody lived at the top of his lungs.;Frank Langella;home
The prospect of going home is very appealing.;David Ginola;home
I'm lucky because I have a job I love. I really miss being away from home, being in my own bed, seeing my animals and siblings, having my moms cookies. I have a couple cats. I got a kitten about a year ago and now Im going on the road so I wont see him for a while. I feel bad.;Michelle Branch;home
I'm a real Suzy Homemaker.;Suzy Bogguss;home
The home to everyone is to him his castle and fortress, as well for his defence against injury and violence, as for his repose.;Edward Coke;home
The house has to please everyone, contrary to the work of art which does not. The work is a private matter for the artist. The house is not.;Adolf Loos;home
I'm going to buy some green bananas because by the time I get home they'll be ripe.;Ryan Stiles;home
When I go home, its an easy way to be grounded. You learn to realize what truly matters.;Tony Stewart;home
I am not quite sure where home is right now. I do have places in London and Milan, and a house in Spain. I guess I would say home is where my mother is, and she lives in Spain.;Sarah Brightman;home
Home is one's birthplace, ratified by memory.;Henry Anatole Grunwald;home
Love begins at home, and it is not how much we do... but how much love we put in that action.;Mother Teresa;home
Love begins by taking care of the closest ones - the ones at home.;Mother Teresa;home
Gratitude unlocks the fullness of life. It turns what we have into enough, and more. It turns denial into acceptance, chaos to order, confusion to clarity. It can turn a meal into a feast, a house into a home, a stranger into a friend.;Melody Beattie;home
Let the wife make the husband glad to come home, and let him make her sorry to see him leave.;Martin Luther;home
Israel was not created in order to disappear - Israel will endure and flourish. It is the child of hope and the home of the brave. It can neither be broken by adversity nor demoralized by success. It carries the shield of democracy and it honors the sword of freedom.;John F. Kennedy;home
The ache for home lives in all of us, the safe place where we can go as we are and not be questioned.;Maya Angelou;home
I believe that being successful means having a balance of success stories across the many areas of your life. You can't truly be considered successful in your business life if your home life is in shambles.;Zig Ziglar;home
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.;Dale Carnegie;home
At home I am a nice guy: but I don't want the world to know. Humble people, I've found, don't get very far.;Muhammad Ali;home
Home is where you feel at home and are treated well.;Dalai Lama;home
Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home!;Charles Dickens;home
When I am abroad, I always make it a rule never to criticize or attack the government of my own country. I make up for lost time when I come home.;Winston Churchill;home
Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.;Dale Carnegie;home
If my world were to cave in tomorrow, I would look back on all the pleasures, excitements and worthwhilenesses I have been lucky enough to have had. Not the sadness, not my miscarriages or my father leaving home, but the joy of everything else. It will have been enough.;Audrey Hepburn;home
I long, as does every human being, to be at home wherever I find myself.;Maya Angelou;home
Find joy in everything you choose to do. Every job, relationship, home... it's your responsibility to love it, or change it.;Chuck Palahniuk;home
Say there's a white kid who lives in a nice home, goes to an all-white school, and is pretty much having everything handed to him on a platter - for him to pick up a rap tape is incredible to me, because what that's saying is that he's living a fantasy life of rebellion.;Eminem;home
It's silly talking about how many years we will have to spend in the jungles of Vietnam when we could pave the whole country and put parking stripes on it and still be home by Christmas.;Ronald Reagan;home
Do you know what it means to come home at night to a woman who'll give you a little love, a little affection, a little tenderness? It means you're in the wrong house, that's what it means.;Henny Youngman;home
We should declare war on North Vietnam. We could pave the whole country and put parking strips on it, and still be home by Christmas.;Ronald Reagan;home
When your time comes to die, be not like those whose hearts are filled with fear of death, so that when their time comes they weep and pray for a little more time to live their lives over again in a different way. Sing your death song, and die like a hero going home.;Tecumseh;home
Art is the only way to run away without leaving home.;Twyla Tharp;home
America cannot continue to lead the family of nations around the world if we suffer the collapse of the family here at home.;Mitt Romney;home
There is just no comparison between having a dinner date with a man and staying home playing canasta with the girls.;Marilyn Monroe;home
I didn't have nothin' going for me... school, home... until I found something I loved, which was music, and that changed everything.;Eminem;home
An artist has no home in Europe except in Paris.;Friedrich Nietzsche;home
Christmas... is not an external event at all, but a piece of one's home that one carries in one's heart.;Freya Stark;home
A girl phoned me the other day and said... 'Come on over, there's nobody home.' I went over. Nobody was home.;Rodney Dangerfield;home
The only foes that threaten America are the enemies at home, and these are ignorance, superstition and incompetence.;Elbert Hubbard;home
For years my wedding ring has done its job. It has led me not into temptation. It has reminded my husband numerous times at parties that it's time to go home. It has been a source of relief to a dinner companion. It has been a status symbol in the maternity ward.;Erma Bombeck;home
Ten men waiting for me at the door? Send one of them home, I'm tired.;Mae West;home
The great advantage of a hotel is that it is a refuge from home life.;George Bernard Shaw;home
Spend some time this weekend on home improvement improve your attitude toward your family.;Bo Bennett;home
I dislike feeling at home when I am abroad.;George Bernard Shaw;home
Being a child at home alone in the summer is a high-risk occupation. If you call your mother at work thirteen times an hour, she can hurt you.;Erma Bombeck;home
If I win and get the money, then the Oakland Police department is going to buy a boys' home, me a house, my family a house, and a Stop Police Brutality Center.;Tupac Shakur;home
I never worry about being driven to drink I just worry about being driven home.;W. C. Fields;home
All of us grow up in particular realities - a home, family, a clan, a small town, a neighborhood. Depending upon how we're brought up, we are either deeply aware of the particular reading of reality into which we are born, or we are peripherally aware of it.;Chaim Potok;home
The instruction we find in books is like fire. We fetch it from our neighbours, kindle it at home, communicate it to others, and it becomes the property of all.;Voltaire;home
So long as I'm Commander-in-Chief, we will sustain the strongest military the world has ever known. When you take off the uniform, we will serve you as well as you've served us - because no one who fights for this country should have to fight for a job, or a roof over their head, or the care that they need when they come home.;Barack Obama;home
Always be nice to your children because they are the ones who will choose your rest home.;Phyllis Diller;home
A man would prefer to come home to an unmade bed and a happy woman than to a neatly made bed and an angry woman.;Marlene Dietrich;home
One of the oldest human needs is having someone to wonder where you are when you don't come home at night.;Margaret Mead;home
The most compelling reason for most people to buy a computer for the home will be to link it to a nationwide communications network. We're just in the beginning stages of what will be a truly remarkable breakthrough for most people - as remarkable as the telephone.;Steve Jobs;home
My home is in Heaven. I'm just traveling through this world.;Billy Graham;home
Nothing can bring a real sense of security into the home except true love.;Billy Graham;home
On the battlefield, the military pledges to leave no soldier behind. As a nation, let it be our pledge that when they return home, we leave no veteran behind.;Dan Lipinski;home
He is happiest, be he king or peasant, who finds peace in his home.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;home
Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose?;Eliza Dushku;home
Once you get a spice in your home, you have it forever. Women never throw out spices. The Egyptians were buried with their spices. I know which one I'm taking with me when I go.;Erma Bombeck;home
The rulers of the state are the only persons who ought to have the privilege of lying, either at home or abroad they may be allowed to lie for the good of the state.;Plato;home
My father probably thought the capital of the world was wherever he was at the time. It couldn't possibly be anyplace else. Where he and his wife were in their own home, that, for them, was the capital of the world.;Bob Dylan;home
The land created me. I'm wild and lonesome. Even as I travel the cities, I'm more at home in the vacant lots.;Bob Dylan;home
For more than four decades, the Libyan people have been ruled by a tyrant - Moammar Gaddafi. He has denied his people freedom, exploited their wealth, murdered opponents at home and abroad, and terrorized innocent people around the world - including Americans who were killed by Libyan agents.;Barack Obama;home
As a housewife, I feel that if the kids are still alive when my husband gets home from work, then hey, I've done my job.;Roseanne Barr;home
I have an answering machine in my car. It says, I'm home now. But leave a message and I'll call when I'm out.;Steven Wright;home
If a dog will not come to you after having looked you in the face, you should go home and examine your conscience.;Woodrow Wilson;home
Basically my wife was immature. I'd be at home in the bath and she'd come in and sink my boats.;Woody Allen;home
