It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous.;Benjamin Franklin;great
Human felicity is produced not as much by great pieces of good fortune that seldom happen as by little advantages that occur every day.;Benjamin Franklin;great
On the recollection of so many and great favours and blessings, I now, with a high sense of gratitude, presume to offer up my sincere thanks to the Almighty, the Creator and Preserver.;William Bartram;great
Unconditional war can no longer lead to unconditional victory. It can no longer serve to settle disputes... can no longer be of concern to great powers alone.;John F. Kennedy;great
Governing a great nation is like cooking a small fish - too much handling will spoil it.;Lao Tzu;great
We consider Christmas as the encounter, the great encounter, the historical encounter, the decisive encounter, between God and mankind. He who has faith knows this truly let him rejoice.;Pope Paul VI;great
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;great
There are many people in the world who really don't understand-or say they don't-what is the great issue between the free world and the Communist world. Let them come to Berlin!;John F. Kennedy;great
Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace.;Victor Hugo;great
Pain and foolishness lead to great bliss and complete knowledge, for Eternal Wisdom created nothing under the sun in vain.;Khalil Gibran;great
There is no great genius without a mixture of madness.;Aristotle;great
Before we acquire great power we must acquire wisdom to use it well.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;great
All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.;Lao Tzu;great
God will not permit any troubles to come upon us, unless He has a specific plan by which great blessing can come out of the difficulty.;Peter Marshall;great
People with great gifts are easy to find, but symmetrical and balanced ones never.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;great
Surrealism had a great effect on me because then I realised that the imagery in my mind wasn't insanity. Surrealism to me is reality.;John Lennon;great
Rice is great if you're really hungry and want to eat two thousand of something.;Mitch Hedberg;great
Great hearts steadily send forth the secret forces that incessantly draw great events.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;great
A lot of companies have chosen to downsize, and maybe that was the right thing for them. We chose a different path. Our belief was that if we kept putting great products in front of customers, they would continue to open their wallets.;Steve Jobs;great
A great city is not to be confounded with a populous one.;Aristotle;great
Great acts are made up of small deeds.;Lao Tzu;great
Marriage is a great institution, but I'm not ready for an institution.;Mae West;great
A subject for a great poet would be God's boredom after the seventh day of creation.;Friedrich Nietzsche;great
No great man ever complains of want of opportunity.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;great
Great geniuses have the shortest biographies.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;great
The search after the great men is the dream of youth, and the most serious occupation of manhood.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;great
Great men or men of great gifts you shall easily find, but symmetrical men never.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;great
The wicked leader is he who the people despise. The good leader is he who the people revere. The great leader is he who the people say, 'We did it ourselves.';Lao Tzu;great
A healthful hunger for a great idea is the beauty and blessedness of life.;Jean Ingelow;great
A good hockey player plays where the puck is. A great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be.;Wayne Gretzky;great
Govern a great nation as you would cook a small fish. Do not overdo it.;Lao Tzu;great
The first test of a truly great man is his humility. By humility I don't mean doubt of his powers or hesitation in speaking his opinion, but merely an understanding of the relationship of what he can say and what he can do.;John Ruskin;great
We are persuaded that good Christians will always be good citizens, and that where righteousness prevails among individuals the Nation will be great and happy. Thus while just government protects all in their religious rights, true religion affords to government it's surest support.;George Washington;great
If the Great Way perishes there will morality and duty. When cleverness and knowledge arise great lies will flourish. When relatives fall out with one another there will be filial duty and love. When states are in confusion there will be faithful servants.;Lao Tzu;great
Two great European narcotics, alcohol and Christianity.;Friedrich Nietzsche;great
For a competitive junkie like me, golf is a great solution because it smacks you in the face every time you think you have accomplished something. That to me has taken over a lot of the energy and competitiveness for basketball.;Michael Jordan;great
Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.;Lao Tzu;great
A great value of antiquity lies in the fact that its writings are the only ones that modern men still read with exactness.;Friedrich Nietzsche;great
I dream of the realization of the unity of Africa, whereby its leaders combine in their efforts to solve the problems of this continent. I dream of our vast deserts, of our forests, of all our great wildernesses.;Nelson Mandela;great
Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee, and I'll forgive Thy great big joke on me.;Robert Frost;great
France, and the whole of Europe have a great culture and an amazing history. Most important thing though is that people there know how to live! In America they've forgotten all about it. I'm afraid that the American culture is a disaster.;Johnny Depp;great
I have noticed... that men usually leave married women alone and are inclined to treat all wives with respect. This is no great credit to married women.;Marilyn Monroe;great
I once wanted to prove myself by being a great actress. Now I want to prove that I'm a person. Then maybe I'll be a great actress.;Marilyn Monroe;great
If a star or studio chief or any other great movie personages find themselves sitting among a lot of nobodies, they get frightened - as if somebody was trying to demote them.;Marilyn Monroe;great
All great deeds and all great thoughts have a ridiculous beginning. Great works are often born on a street corner or in a restaurant's revolving door.;Albert Camus;great
Success has always been a great liar.;Friedrich Nietzsche;great
A great figure or physique is nice, but it's self-confidence that makes someone really sexy.;Vivica Fox;great
Whoever renders service to many puts himself in line for greatness - great wealth, great return, great satisfaction, great reputation, and great joy.;Jim Rohn;great
The first day of spring is one thing, and the first spring day is another. The difference between them is sometimes as great as a month.;Henry Van Dyke;great
What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?;Robert H. Schuller;great
Great indebtedness does not make men grateful, but vengeful and if a little charity is not forgotten, it turns into a gnawing worm.;Friedrich Nietzsche;great
Great men, unknown to their generation, have their fame among the great who have preceded them, and all true worldly fame subsides from their high estimate beyond the stars.;Henry David Thoreau;great
Some are made modest by great praise, others insolent.;Friedrich Nietzsche;great
The great gift of Easter is hope - Christian hope which makes us have that confidence in God, in his ultimate triumph, and in his goodness and love, which nothing can shake.;Basil Hume;great
My message, especially to young people is to have courage to think differently, courage to invent, to travel the unexplored path, courage to discover the impossible and to conquer the problems and succeed. These are great qualities that they must work towards. This is my message to the young people.;Abdul Kalam;great
There never was any heart truly great and generous, that was not also tender and compassionate.;Robert Frost;great
When one has a great deal to put into it a day has a hundred pockets.;Friedrich Nietzsche;great
A man of great common sense and good taste - meaning thereby a man without originality or moral courage.;George Bernard Shaw;great
Being brilliant is no great feat if you respect nothing.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;great
Good artists copy, great artists steal.;Pablo Picasso;great
Where words are restrained, the eyes often talk a great deal.;Samuel Richardson;great
All great truths begin as blasphemies.;George Bernard Shaw;great
I have a great respect for incremental improvement, and I've done that sort of thing in my life, but I've always been attracted to the more revolutionary changes. I don't know why. Because they're harder. They're much more stressful emotionally. And you usually go through a period where everybody tells you that you've completely failed.;Steve Jobs;great
Being is the great explainer.;Henry David Thoreau;great
What happened in the past that was painful has a great deal to do with what we are today, but revisiting this painful past can contribute little or nothing to what we need to do now.;William Glasser;great
Life in abundance comes only through great love.;Elbert Hubbard;great
I have a great deal of company in the house, especially in the morning when nobody calls.;Henry David Thoreau;great
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;great
Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don't know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is!;Anne Frank;great
I always felt that the great high privilege, relief and comfort of friendship was that one had to explain nothing.;Katherine Mansfield;great
Have you learned the lessons only of those who admired you, and were tender with you, and stood aside for you? Have you not learned great lessons from those who braced themselves against you, and disputed passage with you?;Walt Whitman;great
I always entertain great hopes.;Robert Frost;great
We know but a few men, a great many coats and breeches.;Henry David Thoreau;great
The great advantage of a hotel is that it is a refuge from home life.;George Bernard Shaw;great
Baseball has the great advantage over cricket of being sooner ended.;George Bernard Shaw;great
Small minds are concerned with the extraordinary, great minds with the ordinary.;Blaise Pascal;great
The boy who is going to make a great man must not make up his mind merely to overcome a thousand obstacles, but to win in spite of a thousand repulses and defeats.;Theodore Roosevelt;great
The figure a poem makes. It begins in delight and ends in wisdom... in a clarification of life - not necessarily a great clarification, such as sects and cults are founded on, but in a momentary stay against confusion.;Robert Frost;great
If you don't know how great this country is, I know someone who does Russia.;Robert Frost;great
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.;William James;great
An index is a great leveller.;George Bernard Shaw;great
No man is worth his salt who is not ready at all times to risk his well-being, to risk his body, to risk his life, in a great cause.;Theodore Roosevelt;great
Faith is the great cop-out, the great excuse to evade the need to think and evaluate evidence. Faith is belief in spite of, even perhaps because of, the lack of evidence.;Richard Dawkins;great
Truth is, I'll never know all there is to know about you just as you will never know all there is to know about me. Humans are by nature too complicated to be understood fully. So, we can choose either to approach our fellow human beings with suspicion or to approach them with an open mind, a dash of optimism and a great deal of candour.;Tom Hanks;great
Cross country skiing is great if you live in a small country.;Steven Wright;great
There is no such thing as a great talent without great will power.;Honore de Balzac;great
He's a man of great common sense and good taste - meaning thereby a man without originality or moral courage.;George Bernard Shaw;great
In order to have great happiness you have to have great pain and unhappiness - otherwise how would you know when you're happy?;Leslie Caron;great
Little minds are interested in the extraordinary great minds in the commonplace.;Elbert Hubbard;great
It does not take much strength to do things, but it requires great strength to decide on what to do.;Elbert Hubbard;great
As great minds have the faculty of saying a great deal in a few words, so lesser minds have a talent of talking much, and saying nothing.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;great
Man has two great spiritual needs. One is for forgiveness. The other is for goodness.;Billy Graham;great
I really had a lot of dreams when I was a kid, and I think a great deal of that grew out of the fact that I had a chance to read a lot.;Bill Gates;great
I am more afraid of my own heart than of the pope and all his cardinals. I have within me the great pope, Self.;Martin Luther;great
I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move.;Robert Louis Stevenson;great
Men are only as great as they are kind.;Elbert Hubbard;great
People respond when you tell them there is a great future in front of you, you can leave your past behind.;Joel Osteen;great
Rhetoric is a poor substitute for action, and we have trusted only to rhetoric. If we are really to be a great nation, we must not merely talk we must act big.;Theodore Roosevelt;great
Wisdom is the right use of knowledge. To know is not to be wise. Many men know a great deal, and are all the greater fools for it. There is no fool so great a fool as a knowing fool. But to know how to use knowledge is to have wisdom.;Charles Spurgeon;great
