As a result of the digital age and the decline of first-class mail, there is no question that the Postal Service must change and develop a new business model.;Bernie Sanders;age
I've watched my peers get better with age and hoped that would happen with me.;Bonnie Raitt;age
I never wanted to do TV. I just did what I was trained to do through the Special Forces, and I've been doing that from a very young age.;Bear Grylls;age
Here's a proposal, offered only partly in jest: no resident of the United States, whether born here or abroad, should get to be a citizen until age 18, at which time each such resident has to take a test.;Eric Liu;age
Second to agriculture, humbug is the biggest industry of our age.;Alfred Nobel;age
When it comes down to it, it's about who you know, and who's a fan. It's about whether you're the right age, whether you're hot or not, whether the studio is into you or not.;Marlee Matlin;age
Another principle is, the deepest affections of our hearts gather around some human form in which are incarnated the living thoughts and ideas of the passing age.;Matthew Simpson;age
My acting career began at age three and my parents got me into it. I was in a McDonald's commercial.;Corey Feldman;age
I think that age as a number is not nearly as important as health. You can be in poor health and be pretty miserable at 40 or 50. If you're in good health, you can enjoy things into your 80s.;Bob Barker;age
I just yesterday returned from a trip where I photographed a woman with two children whom I photographed first when she was the age of the older of the two children.;Jock Sturges;age
You live in a deranged age, more deranged that usual, because in spite of great scientific and technological advances, man has not the faintest idea of who he is or what he is doing.;Walker Percy;age
To write a story about New York that only deals with people in your age and socioeconomic bracket, that feels dishonest to me. So much of New York comes from everyone bumping into each other.;Josh Radnor;age
My mother inspired me to treat others as I would want to be treated regardless of age, race or financial status.;Tommy Hilfiger;age
And from the first time I picked up a basketball at age eight - I had a lot of difficulty when I first picked up a basketball, because I was a scrub - there were things that I liked about it.;Julius Erving;age
Right up until the time I retired at age 37, I felt like there were still things that I could do better.;Julius Erving;age
In 1981, at age 31, I was voted the best player in basketball, and the most valuable player in the league.;Julius Erving;age
The great thing about arriving at this age is that I don't even care about my career anymore.;Ron Perlman;age
Almost all of your life is lived by the seat of your pants, one unexpected event crashing into another, with no pattern or reason, and then you finally reach a point, around my age, where you spend more time than ever looking back. Why did this happen? Look where that led? You see the shape of things.;Ron Perlman;age
I've always been intrigued by color and by interesting hair. I was one of those weird little girls doing my own hair at the age of 9. I was, like, getting weird gels and new brushes and cornrow holders. I would tweak and perm at the age of 13.;Nicki Minaj;age
There are no college courses to build up self-esteem or high school or elementary school. If you don't get those values at a early age, nurtured in your home, you don't get them.;T. D. Jakes;age
The freethinking of one age is the common sense of the next.;Matthew Arnold;age
If children are not introduced to music at an early age, I believe something fundamental is actually being taken from them.;Luciano Pavarotti;age
Middle age is when your broad mind and narrow waist begin to change places.;E. Joseph Cossman;age
As an American, you have a right to good health care that is effective, accessible, and affordable, that serves you from infancy through old age, that allows you to go to practitioners and facilities of your choosing, and that offers a broad range of therapeutic options.;Andrew Weil;age
Women would be disproportionately affected by the privatization of social security. It is one of the most important safety nets for American women in old age, or in times of disability, to insure financial income for their families.;Barbara Mikulski;age
Low levels of vitamin D in the population as a whole suggest that most people need to take a vitamin D supplement. This may be especially true for seniors, as the ability to synthesize vitamin D in the skin declines with age.;Andrew Weil;age
Part of the reason I sort of shot out like a cannon out of Michigan and left home at such an early age is because I had to feel independent.;Madonna Ciccone;age
I think that everyone at any age should ask themselves, 'where do I want to be today, where do I want to be tomorrow, and where do I want to be in a hundred years?' We all have clear answers to those questions. We only have so much time. It's a real shame if we don't spend our lives trying to do that.;Jack Antonoff;age
My parents got married late and they had kids late, so I never felt a social or cultural thing to be married or pregnant or a homeowner by a certain age.;Anna Kendrick;age
I'm a pretty big dork. It's crazy. I'm one of those people who grew up with all kinds of musicals, but I was right at that age where 'Rent' was a big deal for me and for my friends.;Anna Kendrick;age
My parents were really, really cool about supporting what I wanted to do at a really young age. I think I was about 10 when I caught the bug. They would drive me down to New York if there were auditions. When I was 12, I did this show on Broadway called 'High Society,' so we moved to New York for the run of that.;Anna Kendrick;age
I was very sexual from a very young age.;Portia de Rossi;age
It is a sobering thought that when Mozart was my age, he had been dead for two years.;Tom Lehrer;age
And I'm not as young as I once was. At my age, I don't have time to be bored.;Lev Grossman;age
I was drafted into the Army when I was 19 and came out at age 22. Most people that I knew didn't think they'd come home alive. I didn't think I would either, so I was happy when I did.;Ed Koch;age
One already feels like an anachronism, writing novels in the age of what-ever-this-is-the-age-of, but touring to promote them feels doubly anachronistic. The marketplace is showing an increasing intolerance for the time-honored practice of printing information on paper and shipping it around the country.;Lev Grossman;age
To own the dominant, or only, newspaper in a mid-sized American city was, for many decades, a kind of license to print money. In the Internet age, however, no one has figured out how to rescue the newspaper in the United States or abroad.;Eric Alterman;age
I grew up loving horses. I was relatively obsessed, starting with my rocking horse at age 2, all the way through my painting and drawing phase.;Diane Lane;age
I was equally in love with singing and acting from an early age.;Minnie Driver;age
You can construct the character of a man and his age not only from what he does and says, but from what he fails to say and do.;Norman Douglas;age
I never played much golf as a kid. I caddied quite a bit but never got serious into golf until about age 15.;Lee Trevino;age
These days too many of us seem inclined to cover our ears, close our eyes, and blindly follow the most narrow, conservative tenets of religion or else seek comfort in the ancient traditions of New Age ritual.;Joan D. Vinge;age
There is no age, height, or weight requirement to skate. It is good exercise no matter what your age is. If you want to be competitive, most start young. But, I practice with many adult competitors.;Nancy Kerrigan;age
I remember when I was 6 years old and my brother used to go seek out guys that were 13 to come over and play football against me while he was the 'permanent quarterback.' I didn't know exactly what the age difference was, but I was already playing against older guys.;Junior Seau;age
Well, my son really loves wildlife. And everytime he draws a polar bear I want to tell him there probably won't any by the time... he's my age. That's kinda hard to deal with.;Thom Yorke;age
To be perfectly honest, I think that as I'm growing older, I'm just growing more impatient. I'll be very happy if at some point people say, 'Michael's grown wiser and softer in his old age.' But we'll have to wait and see what my next project is.;Michael Haneke;age
A woman my age is not supposed to be attractive or sexually appealing. I just get kinda tired of that.;Kathleen Turner;age
Listen, in England people are already writing their memoirs at the age of 23.;Rupert Everett;age
I was apprehensive. I feared every time I talked about poetry, it would be filtered through the lens of race, sex, and age.;Rita Dove;age
Everyone takes pause at 40. It's the age you have to assess everything in your life. It's the fictitious marker that's always coming up when you're young. The world really does look at you to kind of have it together by 40, and be successful by 40. Whatever success means.;Paul Feig;age
I started out modeling at a young age and surrounded myself with different brilliant minds. I have so many people to get educated from, and I've been a sponge.;Kellan Lutz;age
People say women shouldn't have long hair over a certain age, but I've never done what everyone says.;Jane Seymour;age
We tend to think of age only in time, but I don't think it has much to do with time at all there's a whole load of other things. I've met 16-year-olds who are old and 90-year-olds who are young.;Roger Daltrey;age
It looks good when you see someone kicking at the age of 51 with no double. It's kinda cool for people to know that past 50 we can keep flexible.;Jean Claude Van Damme;age
The second album was emotionally exhausting and my life felt like it had become very serious at a very young age.;Delta Goodrem;age
I never felt totally, 100%, patriotically English... I'd seen a lot of the world by an early age - sort of spent a lot of time traveling around Lebanon and I'd seen Babylon, and Damascus, and all sorts of places in the Middle East by the time I was ten. Then we'd return to Ruslip in West London... Done a fair bit of traveling really.;Andy Serkis;age
The first feminine feature that goes, with advancing age, is the neck.;Gloria Swanson;age
You just never know when you're living in a golden age.;Alexander Payne;age
We now have an opportunity, though, to do something we didn't do in the industrial age, and that is to get a leg up on this, to bring the public in quickly, to have an informed debate.;Jeremy Rifkin;age
I've spent as much as 30 grand on a watch but it's not about flaunting my wealth. I don't have many extravagances but watches are my biggest one. I must have 30 of them now. I've been collecting since the age of nine, when I won a black TAG in a karting event.;Jenson Button;age
We were making the first step out of the age of chemistry and physics, and into the age of biology.;Jeremy Rifkin;age
I feel like women are asked their age more than men.;Kristen Wiig;age
Even in this day and age, if you're not married, there are people who are like, 'Awww! Don't worry, it'll happen for you someday.';Kristen Wiig;age
For students today, only 10 percent of children from working-class families graduate from college by the age of 24 as compared to 58 percent of upper-middle-class and wealthy families.;Patrick J. Kennedy;age
I have worked very hard on being aware of my childhood but moving forward and not letting it bring me down emotionally. That is a hard thing - especially when you have children of your own and you remember what happened to you at that age.;Samantha Morton;age
Traveling to Russia and Germany and being able to see the world at a young age was really cool for me, and I really liked that.;Mia Wasikowska;age
I vividly remember being 14. That was the age when I started to get happy: I started being a writer and stopped being a loser.;Anthony Horowitz;age
The balance of private good and general welfare is at the bottom of civilized morals but the morals of the Heroic Age are founded on individuality, and on nothing else.;Lascelles Abercrombie;age
I also find it interesting that a lot of people in their 30s are not married and don't have kids. There are a lot of people in this age bracket that are out there dating and trying to find love. And I never thought that at my age I would be.;John Stamos;age
The reason can only be this: heroic poetry depends on an heroic age, and an age is heroic because of what it is, not because of what it does.;Lascelles Abercrombie;age
The 19th century was the age of Individualism the 20th and 21st are the ages of Socialism.;Francis Parker Yockey;age
We live in an age of mediocrity.;Lauren Bacall;age
I gambled and I lost. I failed in securing my options for this choice for myself, but I succeeded in verifying the Dark Age is still with us.;Jack Kevorkian;age
I always looked really young for my age. And once I hit 23, 24 and 25, I was then allowed to play the cool 18-year-olds and stuff.;Ben Barnes;age
I want to be age appropriate. I don't want to be that girl you see walking away and she looks 25 and then she turns around and she looks 90.;Stevie Nicks;age
When I was at school, I was in choirs more than anything else, from a very young age, about 9 years old. And then I started taking drum lessons.;Ben Barnes;age
I was always obsessed with being famous. I had Marilyn Monroe paper dolls as a child, and I was always obsessed with her. I've just been really driven in that direction, and none of my friends were. So, I don't know what put that bug in me at a young age.;Holly Madison;age
All my early school reports from the age of 5 were 'Daniel must learn not to distract others.';Dan Stevens;age
At the age of 11 I was about 6 ft. tall and my voice had completely broken. That caused problems. I was this gangly, spotty, very unattractive kid. I wasn't cool and I wasn't a nerd. I didn't even want to fit in with anyone.;Dan Stevens;age
I've always tried to do my very best, and I want to be the very best age, whatever age I am.;Ann-Margret;age
I never quite toed the line. I was a bit disruptive. All my early school reports from the age of 5 were 'Daniel must learn not to distract others.' And now, that's what I do for a living.;Dan Stevens;age
One problem with age is that patience begins to ebb.;Carl Hiaasen;age
Men of my age live in a state of continual desperation.;Vita Sackville-West;age
Starting a new retirement plan for those below a certain age is something tens of millions of Americans have already been through at work.;Mitch Daniels;age
Anybody under the age of forty knows hip-hop, gospel and R&ampB pretty well, and it's all a part of what we consider to be 'black music.' There is a natural synergy between the three.;John Legend;age
Well, Jeff Buckley for me is one of the greatest singers I've ever heard. And the reason why is he has an amazing range, amazing emotional power in his voice. And the music he put around it also just had this passion and this soul to it and this spirit to it that very few artists have, and he passed at a very young age.;John Legend;age
It's getting better generally, daily, especially in TV, for women in acting and age and looks count less. As more women come into the business. Change of any sort takes a long time to happen.;Julie Walters;age
I think the most exciting thing is that you expect people our age to know the music, but actually a lot of kids know the music, and if anything is left, we have left really good music, and that's the important part, not the mop-tops or whatever.;Ringo Starr;age
It doesn't matter what color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, etc., everyone should have the same freedoms and liberties.;Lance Bass;age
Childhood itself is scarcely more lovely than a cheerful, kindly, sunshiny old age.;Lydia M. Child;age
In my older age, I've learned to take things slower, because I used to be that total-fall-in-love-after-a-day guy.;Lance Bass;age
You watch yourself age and it's hard to feel like a sex symbol.;Idris Elba;age
I like to be alone so I can write. But focus can hurt you. I don't want to be some stress casualty in early middle age.;James Ellroy;age
I'd always thought the Rats were good fun, but one of the very nice things about being of Saga age is that I can actually look back and think, When I was younger I was in a great band. It was always a collective thing.;Bob Geldof;age
I do think I feel it but you don't think you are cause at a certain time you are no age but you don't think you are anything. You feel the life you have lived. I feel that. It's been a long fifty years.;Bob Geldof;age
The crucial task of old age is balance: keeping just well enough, just brave enough, just gay and interested and starkly honest enough to remain a sentient human being.;Florida Scott-Maxwell;age
My first job was in retail at the age of 14, and I have worked in the industry ever since.;Rachel Roy;age
I believed my story would be helpful to young women my daughter's age, who are still in the process of forming themselves as women, and in need of encouragement to remain true to themselves.;Joyce Maynard;age
Old age and sickness bring out the essential characteristics of a man.;Felix Frankfurter;age
