Only the educated are free.;Epictetus;motivational
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.;Woodrow Wilson;motivational
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.;Peter Marshall;motivational
Wherever you are - be all there.;Jim Elliot;motivational
No matter how many goals you have achieved, you must set your sights on a higher one.;Jessica Savitch;motivational
To be wholly devoted to some intellectual exercise is to have succeeded in life.;Robert Louis Stevenson;motivational
To be a good loser is to learn how to win.;Carl Sandburg;motivational
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.;Gordon B. Hinckley;motivational
I learned that we can do anything, but we can't do everything... at least not at the same time. So think of your priorities not in terms of what activities you do, but when you do them. Timing is everything.;Dan Millman;motivational
The wise does at once what the fool does at last.;Baltasar Gracian;motivational
We make the world we live in and shape our own environment.;Orison Swett Marden;motivational
I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often.;Brian Tracy;motivational
Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail.;John Donne;motivational
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine.;Flip Wilson;motivational
The will to succeed is important, but what's more important is the will to prepare.;Bobby Knight;motivational
I really believe that everyone has a talent, ability, or skill that he can mine to support himself and to succeed in life.;Dean Koontz;motivational
If you've got a talent, protect it.;Jim Carrey;motivational
The weeds keep multiplying in our garden, which is our mind ruled by fear. Rip them out and call them by name.;Sylvia Browne;motivational
Poverty was the greatest motivating factor in my life.;Jimmy Dean;motivational
I was motivated to be different in part because I was different.;Donna Brazile;motivational
One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals.;Michael Korda;motivational
The ultimate aim of the ego is not to see something, but to be something.;Muhammad Iqbal;motivational
The dog that trots about finds a bone.;Golda Meir;motivational
If you think you can do it, you can.;John Burroughs;motivational
One may miss the mark by aiming too high as too low.;Thomas Fuller;motivational
Do not weep do not wax indignant. Understand.;Baruch Spinoza;motivational
There is nothing deep down inside us except what we have put there ourselves.;Richard Rorty;motivational
You never know what motivates you.;Cicely Tyson;motivational
Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting.;Christopher Morley;motivational
Film spectators are quiet vampires.;Jim Morrison;movies
Am I a romantic? I've seen 'Wuthering Heights' ten times. I'm a romantic.;Johnny Depp;movies
You know what your problem is, it's that you haven't seen enough movies - all of life's riddles are answered in the movies.;Steve Martin;movies
This film cost $31 million. With that kind of money I could have invaded some country.;Clint Eastwood;movies
Movies can and do have tremendous influence in shaping young lives in the realm of entertainment towards the ideals and objectives of normal adulthood.;Walt Disney;movies
There's only one thing that can kill the movies, and that's education.;Will Rogers;movies
The movies are the only business where you can go out front and applaud yourself.;Will Rogers;movies
The length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of the human bladder.;Alfred Hitchcock;movies
A film is - or should be - more like music than like fiction. It should be a progression of moods and feelings. The theme, what's behind the emotion, the meaning, all that comes later.;Stanley Kubrick;movies
A film is never really good unless the camera is an eye in the head of a poet.;Orson Welles;movies
If my films don't show a profit, I know I'm doing something right.;Woody Allen;movies
I never enjoyed working in a film.;Marlene Dietrich;movies
Everything makes me nervous - except making films.;Elizabeth Taylor;movies
It's the movies that have really been running things in America ever since they were invented. They show you what to do, how to do it, when to do it, how to feel about it, and how to look how you feel about it.;Andy Warhol;movies
A wide screen just makes a bad film twice as bad.;Samuel Goldwyn;movies
A good film is when the price of the dinner, the theatre admission and the babysitter were worth it.;Alfred Hitchcock;movies
So, where's the Cannes Film Festival being held this year?;Christina Aguilera;movies
Cinema is the most beautiful fraud in the world.;Jean-Luc Godard;movies
A lot of movies are about life, mine are like a slice of cake.;Alfred Hitchcock;movies
A story should have a beginning, a middle and an end, but not necessarily in that order.;Jean-Luc Godard;movies
Movies are like an expensive form of therapy for me.;Tim Burton;movies
Shoot a few scenes out of focus. I want to win the foreign film award.;Billy Wilder;movies
A film is a petrified fountain of thought.;Jean Cocteau;movies
I don't take the movies seriously, and anyone who does is in for a headache.;Bette Davis;movies
Why should people go out and pay money to see bad films when they can stay at home and see bad television for nothing?;Samuel Goldwyn;movies
Every great film should seem new every time you see it.;Roger Ebert;movies
Cinema is a matter of what's in the frame and what's out.;Martin Scorsese;movies
Even if I set out to make a film about a fillet of sole, it would be about me.;Federico Fellini;movies
I think cinema, movies, and magic have always been closely associated. The very earliest people who made film were magicians.;Francis Ford Coppola;movies
The secret to film is that it's an illusion.;George Lucas;movies
Give me a couple of years, and I'll make that actress an overnight success.;Samuel Goldwyn;movies
The movies we love and admire are to some extent a function of who we are when we see them.;Mary Schmich;movies
Adding sound to movies would be like putting lipstick on the Venus de Milo.;Mary Pickford;movies
Everyone told me to pass on Speed because it was a 'bus movie.';Sandra Bullock;movies
You can map your life through your favorite movies, and no two people's maps will be the same.;Mary Schmich;movies
Film lovers are sick people.;Francois Truffaut;movies
Most of us do not consciously look at movies.;Roger Ebert;movies
You read a script and its based on 'Reservoir Dogs' and 'Pulp Fiction', and it goes right in the bin.;Tim Roth;movies
Everybody's a filmmaker today.;John Milius;movies
I'm married to the theater but my mistress is the films.;Oskar Werner;movies
I don't think you should feel about a film. You should feel about a woman, not a movie. You can't kiss a movie.;Jean-Luc Godard;movies
If you don't like my movies, don't watch them.;Dario Argento;movies
There's an electrical thing about movies.;Oliver Stone;movies
I make movies I want to see.;Neil LaBute;movies
Citizen Kane is perhaps the one American talking picture that seems as fresh now as the day it opened. It may seem even fresher.;Pauline Kael;movies
Movies are something people see all over the world because there is a certain need for it.;Wim Wenders;movies
Movies are an art form that is very available to the masses.;Richard King;movies
Movies are a complicated collision of literature, theatre, music and all the visual arts.;Yahoo Serious;movies
Every single art form is involved in film, in a way.;Sydney Pollack;movies
When you make a film you usually make a film about an idea.;Sydney Pollack;movies
I was obsessed with romance. When I was in high school, I saw 'Doctor Zhivago' every day from the day it opened until the day it left the theater.;John Hughes;movies
And in movies you must be a gambler. To produce films is to gamble.;Douglas Sirk;movies
Movies are not scripts - movies are films they're not books, they're not the theatre.;Nicolas Roeg;movies
I just like movies that somehow expose the world in a way that's different than you imagine it.;Alex Winter;movies
I've always been an animal lover. I've grown up with dogs my whole life. I think that is what helped me get the role on 'Lassie', I was comfortable around the dog, where many of the kids were afraid or intimidated by Lassie.;Will Estes;movies
Sometimes in movies, I still have to be the hero, but it's not all that important to me anymore.;Dennis Quaid;movies
Nobody makes movies bad on purpose.;Roland Emmerich;movies
'Home Alone' was a movie, not an alibi.;Jerry Orbach;movies
It couldn't sound like a dog, because K9 isn't a dog, but I made it sound as mechanical as possible.;John Leeson;movies
We are the movies and the movies are us.;David Ansen;movies
Everything I learned I learned from the movies.;Audrey Hepburn;movies
Some of my foster families used to send me to the movies to get me out of the house and there I'd sit all day and way into the night. Up in front, there with the screen so big, a little kid all alone, and I loved it. I loved anything that moved up there and I didn't miss anything that happened and there was no popcorn either.;Marilyn Monroe;movies
My skin is hard when it comes to my music. But with my movies, I'm still a virgin in a lot of ways. I'm not used to being shot down for no reason.;Will Smith;movies
I think with movies I am really connecting to the Joseph Campbell idea of the collective unconscious.;Will Smith;movies
Over the years all these vampire movies have come out and nobody looks like a vampire anymore.;Johnny Depp;movies
There's a lot of great movies that have won the Academy Award, and a lot of great movies that haven't. You just do the best you can.;Clint Eastwood;movies
Movies are a fad. Audiences really want to see live actors on a stage.;Charlie Chaplin;movies
Advertising is a racket, like the movies and the brokerage business. You cannot be honest without admitting that its constructive contribution to humanity is exactly minus zero.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;movies
One of my movies was called 'True Lies.' It's what the Democrats should have called their convention.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;movies
Minimalism seems closest to the sophisticated storytelling of movies. Movies have really educated contemporary audiences to be the most intelligent, sophisticated audiences in history. We don't any longer need to have the relationship between one scene and the next explained. We will figure it out ourselves.;Chuck Palahniuk;movies
