The president of General Motors was in a foul humor.;Arthur Hailey;humor
The Good Humor man can only be pushed so far.;Nancy Cartwright;humor
A good sense of humor will get you everywhere.;Josh Bowman;humor
Solutions-oriented campaigning with a little passion and a little humor I think that will go a long way. I think people are desperate for it.;Laura Ingraham;humor
Humor is a very important thing. It is a natural predilection. It is an emotional release.;Ray Stevenson;humor
The sense of humor has other things to do than to make itself conspicuous in the act of laughter.;Alice Meynell;humor
I've always been really dark, and drawn to darker humor. Nothing has been forced, and I don't say anything for shock value.;Amy Schumer;humor
Although Kurt Vonnegut may not be considered a humor writer, 'Breakfast of Champions' is one of the funniest books I've ever read.;Justin Halpern;humor
The thing about For Better or Worse is the only thing that made me an okay director for that is that I have a sense of humor, and it was supposed to be funny.;Jason Alexander;humor
I regard the writing of humor as a supreme artistic challenge.;Herman Wouk;humor
Next to power without honor, the most dangerous thing in the world is power without humor.;Eric Sevareid;humor
A boy is naturally full of humor.;Robert Powell;humor
Prior to Wordsworth, humor was an essential part of poetry. I mean, they don't call them Shakespeare comedies for nothing.;William Collins;humor
I think humor is a very serious thing. I use it as a way of weakening the reader's defenses so that I can more easily take him to something more.;William Collins;humor
It never seems to occur to some people, that, like beauty, a sense of humor may sometimes be fatal.;Edgar Rice Burroghs;humor
I think humor is important for all of us, and a great comedian is a great treasure.;Leila Josefowicz;humor
Dali had a good sense of humor - obviously you could tell just looking at him he was funny.;Joe Grant;humor
People ask me what the most important thing to take on the race is, and I always say it's a sense of humor. If you've got nothing but a sense of humor, you will survive.;Phil Keoghan;humor
I think films about men are often about characters who don't want to express their feelings. You're supposed to kind of admire them for not expressing their feelings. And I feel that's a bit dull. Women's stories often have stronger emotional content, which I enjoy doing. What I really love doing is mixing that with humor.;Nigel Cole;humor
Throw in the humor, throw in that personality, try things you wouldn't normally try.;Melinda Clarke;humor
I think my sense of humor is Jewish. I'm smarter than most white people, which is kind of a Jewish thing, too.;Jim Goad;humor
I love a girl with a sense of humor. Someone who can make me laugh and that I can get along with and talk with and who is just sweet overall, inside and out.;Logan Henderson;humor
Nothing in man is more serious than his sense of humor it is the sign that he wants all the truth.;Mark Van Doren;humor
While many of us never knew Ronald Reagan personally, we felt close to him because we shared his lighthearted sense of humor, admired his uncommon virtue, and were moved by his remarkable wisdom.;Randy Forbes;humor
I like humor.;David Yates;humor
Maybe there's a chance to get back to grown-up films. Anything that uses humor and dramatic values to deal with human emotions and gets down to what people are to people.;Robert Altman;humor
Certainly, anyone whom I've witnessed, who has gone through something horrible and life-changing, has a sense of ironic humor, or an ability to look at the peculiarities of the world and find humor in it.;Christopher Heyerdahl;humor
I was a precocious only child, and then I went through a fat, awkward stage for several years, so I learned to fall back on my humor and personality when I was growing up. It's how you survive, so I think it was more of a natural progression for me, developing into comedy.;Ari Graynor;humor
Our humor turns our anger into a fine art.;Mary Kay Blakely;humor
I liked the premise of this material. I love the marriage relationship. They kind of keep each other honest, and they enjoy each other's sense of humor. Kind of a sexy but boring relationship.;Patricia Arquette;humor
Democratic politicians have disliked things I've written, Republican politicians... if they all love you, you might as well be driving a Good Humor truck.;Adam Clymer;humor
Comedy is so hard to do, so it was very cool to do dead pan humor.;Brittany Daniel;humor
Incongruity, they say, is one of the main ingredients of humor. Maybe it's because everybody can feel superior to me. I honestly don't know.;Emmett Kelly;humor
I think superheroes are heroes with flaws, and in their flaws, there is a sense of humor.;Peter Segal;humor
You may not like the humor, but that is why every radio has an on-off button.;Mel Karmazin;humor
We take the shortest route to the puck and arrive in ill humor.;Bobby Clarke;humor
Humor has historically been tied to the mores of the day. The Yellow Kid was predicated on what people thought was funny about the immigrant Irish. When you're different in a society, you're funny.;Will Eisner;humor
This is a feminist bookstore. There is no humor section.;John Callahan;humor
The best scary movies have great humor in them and a great story.;Stephen Sommers;humor
Humor results when society says you can't scratch certain things in public, but they itch in public.;Tom Walsh;humor
Imagination is more important than knowledge.;Albert Einstein;imagination
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope. Which is what I do, and that enables you to laugh at life's realities.;Dr. Seuss;imagination
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.;Albert Einstein;imagination
I cannot imagine a God who rewards and punishes the objects of his creation and is but a reflection of human frailty.;Albert Einstein;imagination
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?;Sun Tzu;imagination
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things that escape those who dream only at night.;Edgar Allan Poe;imagination
I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free.;Michelangelo;imagination
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.;Mark Twain;imagination
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.;George S. Patton;imagination
Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!;Dr. Seuss;imagination
All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose.;Brian Tracy;imagination
The man who has no imagination has no wings.;Muhammad Ali;imagination
If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face - forever.;George Orwell;imagination
The lunatic, the lover, and the poet, are of imagination all compact.;William Shakespeare;imagination
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere.;Carl Sagan;imagination
The saddest thing I can imagine is to get used to luxury.;Charlie Chaplin;imagination
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake.;Henry David Thoreau;imagination
I only hope that we don't lose sight of one thing - that it was all started by a mouse.;Walt Disney;imagination
I paint objects as I think them, not as I see them.;Pablo Picasso;imagination
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.;Thomas A. Edison;imagination
Imagination rules the world.;Napoleon Bonaparte;imagination
Live out of your imagination, not your history.;Stephen Covey;imagination
Everything that is new or uncommon raises a pleasure in the imagination, because it fills the soul with an agreeable surprise, gratifies its curiosity, and gives it an idea of which it was not before possessed.;Joseph Addison;imagination
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers.;Orison Swett Marden;imagination
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.;Antoine de Saint-Exupery;imagination
It is impossible to imagine the universe run by a wise, just and omnipotent God, but it is quite easy to imagine it run by a board of gods.;H. L. Mencken;imagination
Imagination and fiction make up more than three quarters of our real life.;Simone Weil;imagination
Imagination is the voice of daring. If there is anything Godlike about God it is that. He dared to imagine everything.;Henry Miller;imagination
Imagine for yourself a character, a model personality, whose example you determine to follow, in private as well as in public.;Epictetus;imagination
There are no rules of architecture for a castle in the clouds.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;imagination
I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library.;Jorge Luis Borges;imagination
I am imagination. I can see what the eyes cannot see. I can hear what the ears cannot hear. I can feel what the heart cannot feel.;Peter Nivio Zarlenga;imagination
People who lean on logic and philosophy and rational exposition end by starving the best part of the mind.;William Butler Yeats;imagination
There is a boundary to men's passions when they act from feelings but none when they are under the influence of imagination.;Edmund Burke;imagination
Happiness is not an ideal of reason, but of imagination.;Immanuel Kant;imagination
I imagine that yes is the only living thing.;e. e. cummings;imagination
Trust that little voice in your head that says 'Wouldn't it be interesting if...' And then do it.;Duane Michals;imagination
Imagination grows by exercise, and contrary to common belief, is more powerful in the mature than in the young.;W. Somerset Maugham;imagination
To imagine is everything, to know is nothing at all.;Anatole France;imagination
One is never fortunate or as unfortunate as one imagines.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;imagination
They are ill discoverers that think there is no land, when they can see nothing but sea.;Francis Bacon;imagination
Fiction reveals truths that reality obscures.;Jessamyn West;imagination
Solitude is as needful to the imagination as society is wholesome for the character.;James Russell Lowell;imagination
I always imagined I could be what I wanted to be.;Chris Brown;imagination
Imagination is at the root of much that passes for love.;Gilbert Parker;imagination
I used to lie in bed in my flat and imagine what would happen if there was a zombie attack.;Simon Pegg;imagination
You have to imagine it possible before you can see something. You can have the evidence right in front of you, but if you can't imagine something that has never existed before, it's impossible.;Rita Dove;imagination
Some stories are true that never happened.;Elie Wiesel;imagination
I believed in myself. I never imagined myself as just an ordinary player.;Imran Khan;imagination
It is the eye of ignorance that assigns a fixed and unchangeable color to every object beware of this stumbling block.;Paul Gauguin;imagination
I believe in the imagination. What I cannot see is infinitely more important than what I can see.;Duane Michals;imagination
Personally, I would sooner have written Alice in Wonderland than the whole Encyclopedia Britannica.;Stephen Leacock;imagination
I am better able to imagine hell than heaven it is my inheritance, I suppose.;Elinor Wylie;imagination
I doubt that the imagination can be suppressed. If you truly eradicated it in a child, he would grow up to be an eggplant.;Ursula K. Le Guin;imagination
I never did very well in math - I could never seem to persuade the teacher that I hadn't meant my answers literally.;Calvin Trillin;imagination
We imagine that we want to escape our selfish and commonplace existence, but we cling desperately to our chains.;Anne Sullivan Macy;imagination
The imagination is man's power over nature.;Wallace Stevens;imagination
Imagination has brought mankind through the dark ages to its present state of civilization. Imagination led Columbus to discover America. Imagination led Franklin to discover electricity.;L. Frank Baum;imagination
What we imagine is order is merely the prevailing form of chaos.;Kerry Thornley;imagination
