Our deeds still travel with us from afar, and what we have been makes us what we are.;George Eliot;travel
To the lover of wilderness, Alaska is one of the most wonderful countries in the world.;John Muir;travel
It is not fit that every man should travel it makes a wise man better, and a fool worse.;William Hazlitt;travel
A wise traveler never despises his own country.;William Hazlitt;travel
Just got back from a pleasure trip: I took my mother-in-law to the airport.;Henny Youngman;travel
Airplane travel is nature's way of making you look like your passport photo.;Al Gore;travel
In America there are two classes of travel - first class, and with children.;Robert Benchley;travel
You know more of a road by having traveled it than by all the conjectures and descriptions in the world.;William Hazlitt;travel
You define a good flight by negatives: you didn't get hijacked, you didn't crash, you didn't throw up, you weren't late, you weren't nauseated by the food. So you are grateful.;Paul Theroux;travel
Travelers never think that they are the foreigners.;Mason Cooley;travel
The traveler was active he went strenuously in search of people, of adventure, of experience. The tourist is passive he expects interesting things to happen to him. He goes 'sight-seeing.';Daniel J. Boorstin;travel
A man travels the world in search of what he needs and returns home to find it.;George Edward Moore;travel
Why, I'd like nothing better than to achieve some bold adventure, worthy of our trip.;Aristophanes;travel
The world is a country which nobody ever yet knew by description one must travel through it one's self to be acquainted with it.;Lord Chesterfield;travel
Every perfect traveler always creates the country where he travels.;Nikos Kazantzakis;travel
Tourists don't know where they've been, travelers don't know where they're going.;Paul Theroux;travel
Certainly, travel is more than the seeing of sights it is a change that goes on, deep and permanent, in the ideas of living.;Miriam Beard;travel
When I go on Japanese Airlines, I really love it because I like Japanese food.;Phil Collins;travel
Traveling, you realize that differences are lost: each city takes to resembling all cities, places exchange their form, order, distances, a shapeless dust cloud invades the continents.;Italo Calvino;travel
Venice is like eating an entire box of chocolate liqueurs in one go.;Truman Capote;travel
We wander for distraction, but we travel for fulfillment.;Hilaire Belloc;travel
I love short trips to New York to me it is the finest three-day town on earth.;James Cameron;travel
I think a major element of jetlag is psychological. Nobody ever tells me what time it is at home.;David Attenborough;travel
Travel becomes a strategy for accumulating photographs.;Susan Sontag;travel
The time to enjoy a European trip is about three weeks after unpacking.;George Ade;travel
I never make a trip to the United States without visiting a supermarket. To me they are more fascinating than any fashion salon.;Wallis Simpson;travel
Everyone carries his own inch rule of taste, and amuses himself by applying it, triumphantly, wherever he travels.;Henry Adams;travel
If one had but a single glance to give the world, one should gaze on Istanbul.;Alphonse de Lamartine;travel
I am not a great cook, I am not a great artist, but I love art, and I love food, so I am the perfect traveller.;Michael Palin;travel
When the traveler goes alone he gets acquainted with himself.;Liberty Hyde Bailey;travel
Travel can be one of the most rewarding forms of introspection.;Lawrence Durrell;travel
No matter where I've been overseas, the food stinks, except in Italy.;Carmen Electra;travel
Travel is glamorous only in retrospect.;Paul Theroux;travel
Certain travellers give the impression that they keep moving because only then do they feel fully alive.;Ella Maillart;travel
You get educated by traveling.;Solange Knowles;travel
The hardest part is to travel, and to be away from your family.;Glenn Tipton;travel
My wife and I have so much fun when we travel and find anything... like stray cats and squirrels.;Eric Roberts;travel
The attention of a traveller, should be particularly turned, in the first place, to the various works of Nature, to mark the distinctions of the climates he may explore, and to offer such useful observations on the different productions as may occur.;William Bartram;travel
My parents and my grandfather on my mom's side would travel the earth. They went to Australia and China, and they went to probably every soccer game I ever played.;Brandi Chastain;travel
Travelling expands the mind rarely.;Hans Christian Andersen;travel
Traveling is the ruin of all happiness! There's no looking at a building after seeing Italy.;Fanny Burney;travel
Airline travel is hours of boredom interrupted by moments of stark terror.;Al Boliska;travel
A journey by Sea and Land, Five Hundred Miles, is not undertaken without money.;Lewis Hallam;travel
In both business and personal life, I've always found that travel inspires me more than anything else I do. Evidence of the languages, cultures, scenery, food, and design sensibilities that I discover all over the world can be found in every piece of my jewelry.;Ivanka Trump;travel
On long haul flights I always drink loads and loads of water and eat light and healthy food.;Lisa Snowdon;travel
The trouble with travelling back later on is that you can never repeat the same experience.;Michael Palin;travel
I get pretty much all the exercise I need walking down airport concourses carrying bags.;Guy Clark;travel
When I'm in London I do have the convenience of being close to St James Park which is also good for me because it gives me an excuse to get out and get some much needed exercise!;David Blunkett;travel
Traveling is seeing it is the implicit that we travel by.;Cynthia Ozick;travel
If you travel first class, you think first class and you are more likely to play first class.;Ray Floyd;travel
Travel, which was once either a necessity or an adventure, has become very largely a commodity, and from all sides we are persuaded into thinking that it is a social requirement, too.;Jan Morris;travel
We are what our thoughts have made us so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live they travel far.;Swami Vivekananda;travel
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.;Charles Spurgeon;travel
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.;John D. Rockefeller;travel
It is for us to pray not for tasks equal to our powers, but for powers equal to our tasks, to go forward with a great desire forever beating at the door of our hearts as we travel toward our distant goal.;Helen Keller;travel
I never travel without my diary. One should always have something sensational to read in the train.;Oscar Wilde;travel
I had rather have a fool to make me merry than experience to make me sad and to travel for it too!;William Shakespeare;travel
In college I never realized the opportunities available to a pro athlete. I've been given the chance to meet all kinds of people, to travel and expand my financial capabilities, to get ideas and learn about life, to create a world apart from basketball.;Michael Jordan;travel
My message, especially to young people is to have courage to think differently, courage to invent, to travel the unexplored path, courage to discover the impossible and to conquer the problems and succeed. These are great qualities that they must work towards. This is my message to the young people.;Abdul Kalam;travel
Writing and travel broaden your ass if not your mind and I like to write standing up.;Ernest Hemingway;travel
When a place gets crowded enough to require ID's, social collapse is not far away. It is time to go elsewhere. The best thing about space travel is that it made it possible to go elsewhere.;Robert A. Heinlein;travel
The land created me. I'm wild and lonesome. Even as I travel the cities, I'm more at home in the vacant lots.;Bob Dylan;travel
Hurt leads to bitterness, bitterness to anger, travel too far that road and the way is lost.;Terry Brooks;travel
For my part, I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move.;Robert Louis Stevenson;travel
To travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive.;Robert Louis Stevenson;travel
Uncontrolled, the hunger and thirst after God may become an obstacle, cutting off the soul from what it desires. If a man would travel far along the mystic road, he must learn to desire God intensely but in stillness, passively and yet with all his heart and mind and strength.;Aldous Huxley;travel
You and I come by road or rail, but economists travel on infrastructure.;Margaret Thatcher;travel
Everywhere is nowhere. When a person spends all his time in foreign travel, he ends by having many acquaintances, but no friends.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;travel
People commonly travel the world over to see rivers and mountains, new stars, garish birds, freak fish, grotesque breeds of human they fall into an animal stupor that gapes at existence and they think they have seen something.;Soren Kierkegaard;travel
I want to teach. I want to speak. I want to travel.;Hillary Clinton;travel
The man who never in his mind and thoughts travel'd to heaven is no artist.;William Blake;travel
Time travel used to be thought of as just science fiction, but Einstein's general theory of relativity allows for the possibility that we could warp space-time so much that you could go off in a rocket and return before you set out.;Stephen Hawking;travel
The whole object of travel is not to set foot on foreign land it is at last to set foot on one's own country as a foreign land.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;travel
Travel teaches toleration.;Benjamin Disraeli;travel
All travel has its advantages. If the passenger visits better countries, he may learn to improve his own. And if fortune carries him to worse, he may learn to enjoy it.;Samuel Johnson;travel
Travel makes a wise man better, and a fool worse.;Thomas Fuller;travel
People who don't travel cannot have a global view, all they see is what's in front of them. Those people cannot accept new things because all they know is where they live.;Martin Yan;travel
The cool thing about being famous is traveling. I have always wanted to travel across seas, like to Canada and stuff.;Britney Spears;travel
I do have to travel a lot for speaking engagements.;P. J. O'Rourke;travel
Man is an artifact designed for space travel. He is not designed to remain in his present biologic state any more than a tadpole is designed to remain a tadpole.;William S. Burroughs;travel
It always rains on tents. Rainstorms will travel thousands of miles, against prevailing winds for the opportunity to rain on a tent.;Dave Barry;travel
Strange - is it not? That of the myriads who Before us passed the door of Darkness through, Not one returns to tell us of the road Which to discover we must travel too.;Horace;travel
I have wandered all my life, and I have also traveled the difference between the two being this, that we wander for distraction, but we travel for fulfillment.;Hilaire Belloc;travel
I never saw a discontented tree. They grip the ground as though they liked it, and though fast rooted they travel about as far as we do.;John Muir;travel
Travel and society polish one, but a rolling stone gathers no moss, and a little moss is a good thing on a man.;John Burroughs;travel
Let me be a free man - free to travel, free to stop, free to work.;Chief Joseph;travel
I just travel the world with my backpack and my cameras and a bunch of Clif bars.;Henry Rollins;travel
We travel together, passengers on a little spaceship, dependent on it's vulnerable reserves of air and soil, all committed, for our safety, to it's security and peace. Preserved from annihilation only by the care, the work and the love we give our fragile craft.;Adlai E. Stevenson;travel
The first time probably people really were aware of me, I unfortunately had the title of Showtime's Funniest Person in America. And that's a really tough title to travel around with when you're not even known.;Ellen DeGeneres;travel
To read a writer is for me not merely to get an idea of what he says, but to go off with him and travel in his company.;Andre Gide;travel
To bring up a child in the way he should go, travel that way yourself once in a while.;Josh Billings;travel
I travel around the world constantly promoting my projects and endorsing products. Yes, I do get paid to go to parties in fact, I'm the person who started the whole trend of paid appearances. But when you see me at a party, I'm always working or promoting something.;Paris Hilton;travel
Life is an unfoldment, and the further we travel the more truth we can comprehend. To understand the things that are at our door is the best preparation for understanding those that lie beyond.;Hypatia;travel
The photograph reverses the purpose of travel, which until now had been to encounter the strange and unfamiliar.;Marshall McLuhan;travel
The way to Heaven is ascending we must be content to travel uphill, though it be hard and tiresome, and contrary to the natural bias of our flesh.;Jonathan Edwards;travel
I travel light. I think the most important thing is to be in a good mood and enjoy life, wherever you are.;Diane von Furstenberg;travel
I want to see friends more and travel more.;Jennifer Aniston;travel
An English man does not travel to see English men.;Laurence Sterne;travel
The one thing I regret was that my work required an enormous amount of my time, and a lot of travel.;Neil Armstrong;travel
