If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought.;Peace Pilgrim;power
Vote: the instrument and symbol of a freeman's power to make a fool of himself and a wreck of his country.;Ambrose Bierce;power
Power is given only to those who dare to lower themselves and pick it up. Only one thing matters, one thing to be able to dare!;Fyodor Dostoevsky;power
Justice and power must be brought together, so that whatever is just may be powerful, and whatever is powerful may be just.;Blaise Pascal;power
The eye sees what it brings the power to see.;Thomas Carlyle;power
The greater the power, the more dangerous the abuse.;Edmund Burke;power
Love him or hate him, Trump is a man who is certain about what he wants and sets out to get it, no holds barred. Women find his power almost as much of a turn-on as his money.;Donald Trump;power
But to me nothing - the negative, the empty - is exceedingly powerful.;Alan Watts;power
There is no power on earth that can neutralize the influence of a high, simple and useful life.;Booker T. Washington;power
It is folly for a man to pray to the gods for that which he has the power to obtain by himself.;Epicurus;power
Power has only one duty - to secure the social welfare of the People.;Benjamin Disraeli;power
Power is always dangerous. Power attracts the worst and corrupts the best.;Edward Abbey;power
Question: Why are we Masters of our Fate, the captains of our souls? Because we have the power to control our thoughts, our attitudes. That is why many people live in the withering negative world. That is why many people live in the Positive Faith world.;Alfred A. Montapert;power
Power is action the electoral principle is discussion. No political action is possible when discussion is permanently established.;Honore de Balzac;power
My relationship to power and authority is that I'm all for it. People need somebody to watch over them. Ninety-five percent of the people in the world need to be told what to do and how to behave.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;power
Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control these three alone lead one to sovereign power.;Alfred Lord Tennyson;power
Money is power, and in that government which pays all the public officers of the states will all political power be substantially concentrated.;Andrew Jackson;power
Truth is powerful and it prevails.;Sojourner Truth;power
Nobody is as powerful as we make them out to be.;Alice Walker;power
There is that in the glance of a flower which may at times control the greatest of creation's braggart lords.;John Muir;power
Power, after love, is the first source of happiness.;Stendhal;power
Getting and spending, we lay waste our powers.;William Wordsworth;power
Silence is the ultimate weapon of power.;Charles de Gaulle;power
Our sense of power is more vivid when we break a man's spirit than when we win his heart.;Eric Hoffer;power
The value systems of those with access to power and of those far removed from such access cannot be the same. The viewpoint of the privileged is unlike that of the underprivileged.;Aung San Suu Kyi;power
Immense power is acquired by assuring yourself in your secret reveries that you were born to control affairs.;Andrew Carnegie;power
The only way to predict the future is to have power to shape the future.;Eric Hoffer;power
The rules have changed. True power is held by the person who possesses the largest bookshelf, not gun cabinet or wallet.;Anthony J. D'Angelo;power
The purpose of getting power is to be able to give it away.;Aneurin Bevan;power
Whoever is new to power is always harsh.;Aeschylus;power
Capitalism works better from every perspective when the economic decision makers are forced to share power with those who will be affected by those decisions.;Barney Frank;power
Knowledge is the most democratic source of power.;Alvin Toffler;power
Do not pray for tasks equal to your powers. Pray for powers equal to your tasks.;Phillips Brooks;power
Excessive fear is always powerless.;Aeschylus;power
Power is the most persuasive rhetoric.;Friedrich Schiller;power
Sooner or later, man has always had to decide whether he worships his own power or the power of God.;Arnold J. Toynbee;power
Will power is only the tensile strength of one's own disposition. One cannot increase it by a single ounce.;Cesare Pavese;power
Power is dangerous unless you have humility.;Richard J. Daley;power
When you start to develop your powers of empathy and imagination, the whole world opens up to you.;Susan Sarandon;power
I cured with the power that came through me.;Black Elk;power
Arbitrary power is like most other things which are very hard, very liable to be broken.;Abigail Adams;power
Ambition is the immoderate desire for power.;Baruch Spinoza;power
Power acquired by violence is only a usurpation, and lasts only as long as the force of him who commands prevails over that of those who obey.;Denis Diderot;power
The power of the people and the power of reason are one.;Georg Buchner;power
People who are powerless make an open theater of violence.;Don DeLillo;power
The greatest power is often simple patience.;E. Joseph Cossman;power
What is genius but the power of expressing a new individuality?;Elizabeth Barrett Browning;power
People who are in power make their arrangements in secret, largely as a way of maintaining and furthering that power.;Don DeLillo;power
A true king is neither husband nor father he considers his throne and nothing else.;Pierre Corneille;power
An alliance with a powerful person is never safe.;Phaedrus;power
Women have to harness their power - its absolutely true. It's just learning not to take the first no. And if you can't go straight ahead, you go around the corner.;Cher;power
The advertisers who believe in the selling power of jingles have never had to sell anything.;David Ogilvy;power
Those who desire to rise as high as our human condition allows, must renounce intellectual pride, the omnipotence of clear thinking, belief in the absolute power of logic.;Alexis Carrel;power
I was now resolved to do everything in my power to defeat the system.;Oskar Schindler;power
Never forget that the most powerful force on earth is love.;Nelson Rockefeller;power
Politics is not about power.;Paul Wellstone;power
Power without a nation's confidence is nothing.;Catherine the Great;power
There is something about inside information which seems to paralyse a man's reasoning powers.;Bernard Baruch;power
Power is paradoxical.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;power
The only power you have is the word no.;Frances McDormand;power
Public misbehavior by the famous is a powerful teaching tool.;Bill O'Reilly;power
Creativity is the power to connect the seemingly unconnected.;William Plomer;power
Personality has power to uplift, power to depress, power to curse, and power to bless.;Paul Harris;power
No matter what has happened, you too have the power to enjoy yourself.;Allen Klein;power
Throughout history, great leaders have known the power of humor.;Allen Klein;power
The greatest power is not money power, but political power.;Walter Annenberg;power
Power ought to serve as a check to power.;Charles de Secondat;power
Power in America today is control of the means of communication.;Theodore White;power
Sir, I am no sycophant or worshipper of power anywhere.;Benjamin F. Wade;power
Prestige is the shadow of money and power.;C. Wright Mills;power
Never go backward. Attempt, and do it with all your might. Determination is power.;Charles Simmons;power
America has a critical role to play as the most powerful member of the world community.;Adam Schiff;power
Each underestimates her own power and overestimates the other's.;Deborah Tannen;power
The real problem is that the way that power is given out in our society pits us against each other.;Anita Hill;power
In my opinion, most of the great men of the past were only there for the beer - the wealth, prestige and grandeur that went with the power.;A. J. P. Taylor;power
Every crisis offers you extra desired power.;William Moulton Marston;power
There is no force so powerful as an idea whose time has come.;Everett Dirksen;power
Moral power is probably best when it is not used. The less you use it the more you have.;Andrew Young;power
I believe in the power of weakness.;Pat Buckley;power
Power and position often make a man trifle with the truth.;George A. Smith;power
There are two ways of attaining an important end, force and perseverance the silent power of the latter grows irresistible with time.;Sophie Swetchine;power
Ironically, women who acquire power are more likely to be criticized for it than are the men who have always had it.;Carolyn Heilbrun;power
Next to power without honor, the most dangerous thing in the world is power without humor.;Eric Sevareid;power
Unlimited power corrupts the possessor.;William Pitt;power
The way to have power is to take it.;Boss Tweed;power
The law has no power over heroes.;Charlotte Lennox;power
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;power
I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it.;Groucho Marx;power
When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace.;Jimi Hendrix;power
Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;power
Always continue the climb. It is possible for you to do whatever you choose, if you first get to know who you are and are willing to work with a power that is greater than ourselves to do it.;Ella Wheeler Wilcox;power
Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy.;Aristotle;power
Any people anywhere, being inclined and having the power, have the right to rise up, and shake off the existing government, and form a new one that suits them better. This is a most valuable - a most sacred right - a right, which we hope and believe, is to liberate the world.;Abraham Lincoln;power
There is a sacredness in tears. They are not the mark of weakness, but of power. They speak more eloquently than ten thousand tongues. They are the messengers of overwhelming grief, of deep contrition, and of unspeakable love.;Washington Irving;power
Expose yourself to your deepest fear after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free.;Jim Morrison;power
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.;Leo Buscaglia;power
That deep emotional conviction of the presence of a superior reasoning power, which is revealed in the incomprehensible universe, forms my idea of God.;Albert Einstein;power
Experience hath shewn, that even under the best forms of government those entrusted with power have, in time, and by slow operations, perverted it into tyranny.;Thomas Jefferson;power
You will know that forgiveness has begun when you recall those who hurt you and feel the power to wish them well.;Lewis B. Smedes;power
