I mean, I love L.A. - I love living here. But I wish that we could make things without the need to hit a home run every single time. It's a unique thing to Hollywood that if you don't do that every time, then you're considered a failure.;Kristen Stewart;home
I've been thinking a lot about next year, which will be the first time in 25 years that I don't have a child at home.;Jessica Lange;home
The only place I've felt was really my home is my cabin up north. There's something in the water there that connects me to that place. There's also this sense of isolation and loneliness about it that I've never been able to shake.;Jessica Lange;home
When I am home for like a two-year stretch, I get antsy, because I want to work.;Jessica Lange;home
After my tour I had time to stay at home, be with my boyfriend and hang out with friends and that brought me down to earth and helped me write music from a more relaxed place.;Adam Lambert;home
I think a major element of jetlag is psychological. Nobody ever tells me what time it is at home.;David Attenborough;home
It's coming home to roost over the next 50 years or so. It's not just climate change it's sheer space, places to grow food for this enormous horde. Either we limit our population growth or the natural world will do it for us, and the natural world is doing it for us right now.;David Attenborough;home
Performers are so vulnerable. They're frightened of humiliation, sure their work will be crap. I try to make an environment where it's warm, where it's OK to fail - a kind of home, I suppose.;Jane Campion;home
Atlanta's my musical home. It really was the place where I really came alive.;John Mayer;home
Every song I put on a record could be a single and I just pack my bags for it... and the minute it takes off, I'm not gonna be home for a while.;John Mayer;home
What I've learned in my life, it's a very interesting social study for me, to go back and forth between being the guy at home and being the guy on the road and being the guy in studio and being the guy in the interview. The environment around you has so much to do with your character, and when I'm home, my character really changes quite a bit.;John Mayer;home
I like to maintain a certain sense of fantasy in my life. I am kind of like that at home. Do I have the full hair and makeup? No. But I might have the nice dress on.;Jennifer Lopez;home
In school I was pretty quiet. Kinda shy until my junior year. But at home I was a freak.;Dane Cook;home
A man travels the world over in search of what he needs and returns home to find it.;George A. Moore;home
For my wrap present, Colin Farrell gave me a first edition book. I got so involved with this character and I was so sad when the movie was over that when I got home and I tried to read the book I got really emotional and I started crying.;Salma Hayek;home
It's also much clearer how much damage the occupation of Iraq is doing to America's reputation and prestige around the world and that's just starting now to hit home in the United States.;Peter Singer;home
Women are the victims of this patriarchal culture, but they are also its carriers. Let us keep in mind that every oppressive man was raised in the confines of his mother's home.;Shirin Ebadi;home
The secret is to make sure your family comes before anything else, because no matter what you do you've got to come home.;Barry Gibb;home
I come from pioneer stock, developers of the West, people who went out into the wilderness and set up home with nothing but a pair of oxen.;Joni Mitchell;home
The people of Britain want a Home Secretary who will give them back their streets. They want a Home Secretary who will speak up for the victim, not the criminal.;William Hague;home
America's future will be determined by the home and the school. The child becomes largely what he is taught hence we must watch what we teach, and how we live.;Jane Addams;home
Instead of going out to dinner, buy good food. Cooking at home shows such affection. In a bad economy, it's more important to make yourself feel good.;Ina Garten;home
I would have gone home to my mother, but I'm not that crazy about my mother.;Cher;home
Strength of character may be learned at work, but beauty of character is learned at home.;Henry Drummond;home
I feel that I'm at my best as a person and that I'm coming home when I walk on to a set, or on to a stage, so if I can perform in one way or another I think I'll be okay.;Claudia Black;home
Yes, Americans can still get credit for cars and trucks and refrigerators, and those businesses are doing well. But just try to get a home loan now.;Ben Stein;home
Americans are terrified because so many of them have been laid off in recent years and months and they fear that they may be next. Even if they have not been laid off or have not known anyone laid off, they definitely know someone who has lost his home.;Ben Stein;home
Education, like neurosis, begins at home.;Milton Sapirstein;home
It is easier to take a position in the abstract than when it hits home.;Dennis Prager;home
People internalize, from the jail to student loan debt, to credit card debt, to unemployment to the whole collective. It manifests itself in many ways, in people's home lives, domestic stuff.;Jesse Jackson;home
At Home in the World is the story of a young woman, raised in some difficult circumstances, and how she survives. It tells a story of redemption, not victimhood.;Joyce Maynard;home
Sometimes when you're trying to do a record too close to home, you can get really distracted.;Norah Jones;home
I've spent lots of time in London, I studied in London, I like London. It's just not my home.;Johnny Vegas;home
My first holiday to San Francisco in 1998-99 was supposed to be a two-week vacation but I ended up staying five weeks and nearly didn't come home.;Johnny Vegas;home
Don't leave home without your sword - your intellect.;Alan Moore;home
The only other time I've been away from home was when I went to college. And that was just an hour away, so I could always go home if I needed to.;Carrie Underwood;home
At home we're the hosts, and I never liked the idea of being embarrased in front of our friends.;Knute Rockne;home
Many a man who pays rent all his life owns his own home and many a family has successfully saved for a home only to find itself at last with nothing but a house.;Bruce Barton;home
I can't move back to England. My home is in France now. I'd love to but I can't. My family's all there now.;Kristin Scott Thomas;home
With the theatre, your whole day is geared towards the evening's show, and that's the job. People usually go to work about 9 and come home around 5, or maybe 7.;Kristin Scott Thomas;home
I just get so fed up with seeing the same things written about me. If I see the words 'ice queen' attached to me, I feel like banging my head against the wall. There's this perception that I can only be in a film if I have a glass of champagne in my hand and a stately home in the background.;Kristin Scott Thomas;home
I have never met a woman who works who doesn't feel guilty. I mean we all deny it like crazy but deep down there is always that voice saying you should be at home.;Kristin Scott Thomas;home
Illogical thinkers throw names and slurs around because they have no arguments with which to rebut their opponents. Rational people have to keep hammering their points home.;Benjamin Carson;home
Remember the rights of the savage, as we call him. Remember that the happiness of his humble home, remember that the sanctity of life in the hill villages of Afghanistan, among the winter snows, is as inviolable in the eye of Almighty God, as can be your own.;William E. Gladstone;home
I have a dress-up chest at home. I love to create this fantasy kind of thing.;Kate Moss;home
All of a sudden to get all of this attention, and to be away from home and working all the time was hard. I was on planes all the time. I didn't see my friends. I cried a lot. It was quite terrifying.;Kate Moss;home
I seek to call America home to those principles that gave us birth.;George McGovern;home
From secrecy and deception in high places, come home, America. From military spending so wasteful that it weakens our nation, come home, America.;George McGovern;home
A man who leaves home to mend himself and others is a philosopher but he who goes from country to country, guided by the blind impulse of curiosity, is a vagabond.;Oliver Goldsmith;home
Music was my joy, my home, the one place I felt happy and secure.;Lawrence Welk;home
SNL is a home. You've got all of your brothers and sisters there, and it's a great time.;Adam Sandler;home
All I was doing was trying to get home from work.;Rosa Parks;home
The structure of a play is always the story of how the birds came home to roost.;Arthur Miller;home
It is the personality of the mistress that the home expresses. Men are forever guests in our homes, no matter how much happiness they may find there.;Elsie de Wolfe;home
I'm still a kid. I'm like six years old. But it's just a matter of wanting to get up, it's just a big journey. I felt like when I left home that I was on a journey, and I still am.;Heath Ledger;home
I ask myself: Would I have been any worse off if I had stayed home or lived on a farm instead of shock treatments and medication?;Gene Tierney;home
And remember don't high post when you're far from home, and high posting when you're all alone.;Mos Def;home
I would go to work from 9 to 6, go home, nap for two hours, then write from 8 to 2 a.m.;Lena Dunham;home
Being born in a Christian home does not make you a Christian.;E. Stanley Jones;home
A sold-out house my first night back. Do you have any idea what kinda pressure that is? I could have been at home in my warm bed, playing Nintendo.;Richard Pryor;home
When you go off in the world and make your life, and you come back to your home town, and you find your old high-school friends driving in the same circles, doing the same things, that's what Hollywood's like. It's a little block, little town. It doesn't really grow or change.;Robert Rodriguez;home
I remember once acting really cool on a bus with this girl named Stephanie. When I got home, I realized that I had a really big zit on my forehead. If you have acne problems, you really shouldn't be acting like Don Juan.;John Cusack;home
I usually write away from home, in coffee shops, on trains, on planes, in friends' houses. I like places where there's stuff going on that you can lift your eyes, see something interesting, overhear a conversation.;Jonathan Safran Foer;home
I was gutted to leave my boyfriend at home when I started my tour, but taking my pillow was like taking a little bit of him with me.;Amy Winehouse;home
I have been alone since my husband died. I stay in my home. I don't date. It's hard to date when you're at home. Nobody knows you.;Anna Nicole Smith;home
I think children learning to cook can be such a wonderful thing. It can help build confidence, make them feel good about themselves. It helped me build my ego and even start to get acceptance at school. I'd bring things to class that I'd cooked at home.;Giada De Laurentiis;home
I go off and make movies I come home, and I'm a dad and I hang with my girls.;Clive Owen;home
For me, London is and always will be home.;Clive Owen;home
I never saw film stars at home. We had no maid, no cook, no swimming pool.;Natalie Wood;home
Buyers decide in the first eight seconds of seeing a home if they're interested in buying it. Get out of your car, walk in their shoes and see what they see within the first eight seconds.;Barbara Corcoran;home
A fan sent me a letter and a $10 bill. It's a short letter - all she said was, 'Hey, since it's harder for you to go out these days without getting photographed, here $10 for a pizza.' I was like, 'Aww, she sent me money for a pizza so I could eat at home!';Zac Efron;home
At home in L.A., Sunday is lazy. It's the wife and me lying in bed with coffee, watching 'The Soup' or something funny on TiVo. The kid will occasionally join us. Eventually, breakfast is at a place down the street called Paty's. And we always have some kind of great dinner - my wife makes a great roast beef.;Eric McCormack;home
There is not a lot of separation between work and home life.;Cate Blanchett;home
A house is no home unless it contain food and fire for the mind as well as for the body.;Margaret Fuller;home
I'm still that little girl who lisped and sat in the back of the car and threw vegetables at the back of her head when we drove home from the market. That never goes.;Tracey Ullman;home
There is one timeless way of building. It is a thousand years old, and the same today as it has ever been. The great traditional buildings of the past, the villages and tents and temples in which man feels at home, have always been made by people who were very close to the center of this way.;Christopher Alexander;home
My restless, roaming spirit would not allow me to remain at home very long.;Buffalo Bill;home
My wife was delighted with the home I had given her amid the prairies of the far west.;Buffalo Bill;home
The first presentation of my show was given in May, 1883, at Omaha, which I had then chosen as my home. From there we made our first summer tour, visiting practically every important city in the country.;Buffalo Bill;home
With the help of a friend I got father into a wagon, when the crowd had gone. I held his head in my lap during the ride home. I believed he was mortally wounded. He had been stabbed down through the kidneys, leaving an ugly wound.;Buffalo Bill;home
I had no books at home. I started to frequent a public library in Lisbon. It was there, with no help except curiosity and the will to learn, that my taste for reading developed and was refined.;Jose Saramago;home
It's simple: You get a part. You play a part. You play it well. You do your work and you go home. And what is wonderful about movies is that once they're done, they belong to the people. Once you make it, it's what they see. That's where my head is at.;Denzel Washington;home
In the true sense one's native land, with its background of tradition, early impressions, reminiscences and other things dear to one, is not enough to make sensitive human beings feel at home.;Emma Goldman;home
A novelist is, like all mortals, more fully at home on the surface of the present than in the ooze of the past.;Vladimir Nabokov;home
So I got home, and the phone was ringing. I picked it up, and said 'Who's speaking please?' And a voice said 'You are.';Tim Vine;home
What the New Yorker calls home would seem like a couple of closets to most Americans, yet he manages not only to live there but also to grow trees and cockroaches right on the premises.;Russell Baker;home
It's a miracle was the last track recorded for the album, we based it on the rhythm from the middle of 'Late Home Tonight, where there's Graham Broad playing lots and lots of drums with me shouting in the background, pretending to be a mad Arab leader.;Roger Waters;home
When we root-root-root for the home team, we're rooting for our home as much as the team.;Richard Roeper;home
Home base is the support system where we have a culinary team, my own writers because of the shows and the books and stuff, we have a culinary team of about six people. Marketing, public relations, accounting and all that sort of stuff.;Emeril Lagasse;home
My home has always been show business.;Sammy Davis, Jr.;home
So, we come out to Los Angeles. And we met with every network. We met with show runners, directors, writers, everything. And what we had an idea for, they didn't like. And what they had an idea for, we didn't like. So, we went home.;Reba McEntire;home
Home is, I suppose just a child's idea. A house at night, and a lamp in the house. A place to feel safe.;V. S. Naipaul;home
I always knew who I was and where I had come from. I was not looking for a home in other people's lands.;V. S. Naipaul;home
I think I started learning lessons about being a good person long before I ever knew what basketball was. And that starts in the home, it starts with the parental influence.;Julius Erving;home
I don't go to premieres. I don't go to parties. I don't covet the Oscar. I don't want any of that. I don't go out. I just have dinner at home every night with my kids. Being famous, that's a whole other career. And I haven't got any energy for it.;Gary Oldman;home
Most fathers don't see the war within the daughter, her struggles with conflicting images of the idealized and flawed father, her temptation both to retreat to Daddy's lap and protection and to push out of his embrace to that of beau and the world beyond home.;Victoria Secunda;home
But Vegas is really my first home.;David Copperfield;home
His claim to his home is deep, but there are too many ghosts. He must absorb without being absorbed.;Willie Morris;home
The best thing for me is, when I'm not working, is to be at home and to have a script or two scripts is better, and to be just walking around the house and just thinking about the lines.;Christopher Walken;home
