I take my children everywhere, but they always find their way back home.;Robert Orben;home
I can remember being home from school with tonsillitis and writing stories in bed to pass the time.;Stephen King;home
Home computers are being called upon to perform many new functions, including the consumption of homework formerly eaten by the dog.;Doug Larson;home
Television has brought back murder into the home - where it belongs.;Alfred Hitchcock;home
If one more 'journalist' makes a cavalier statement about me and my band, I will personally or with my fans' help, greet them at their home and discover just how much they believe in their freedom of speech.;Marilyn Manson;home
Whether you come back by page or by the big screen, Hogwarts will always be there to welcome you home.;J. K. Rowling;home
I've always thought my soundtracks do pretty good, because they're basically professional equivalents of a mix tape I'd make for you at home.;Quentin Tarantino;home
I don't claim to be knowledgeable about theology. Most of my knowledge comes out of my experience and the lessons in the Bible. Every Sunday I'm home I teach 45 minutes and we boiled them down to one page for the new book, 'Through the Year with Jimmy Carter.';Jimmy Carter;home
American and Israel share a special bond. Our relationship is unique among all nations. Like America, Israel is a strong democracy, a symbol of freedom, and an oasis of liberty, a home to the oppressed and persecuted.;William J. Clinton;home
The Internet is just bringing all kinds of information into the home. There's just a lot of distraction, a lot of competition for the parent's voice to resonate in the children's ears.;Phil McGraw;home
After I hit a home run I had a habit of running the bases with my head down. I figured the pitcher already felt bad enough without me showing him up rounding the bases.;Mickey Mantle;home
People are surprised at how down-to-earth I am. I like to stay home on Friday nights and listen to 'The Art of Happiness' by the Dalai Lama.;Carmen Electra;home
I came home every Friday afternoon, riding the six miles on the back of a big mule. I spent Saturday and Sunday washing and ironing and cooking for the children and went back to my country school on Sunday afternoon.;Ida B. Wells;home
I was coming home from kindergarten - well they told me it was kindergarten. I found out later I had been working in a factory for ten years. It's good for a kid to know how to make gloves.;Ellen DeGeneres;home
I think about being married again, having a home and a wife. No one can ever be married too many times, and maybe if I keep trying I'll get it right one day.;Richard Pryor;home
Never be the only one, except, possibly, in your own home.;Alice Walker;home
No man can call himself liberal, or radical, or even a conservative advocate of fair play, if his work depends in any way on the unpaid or underpaid labor of women at home, or in the office.;Gloria Steinem;home
I would like to spend the whole of my life traveling, if I could anywhere borrow another life to spend at home.;William Hazlitt;home
There are more than 300,000 families in the Gulf region that lost their homes and are waiting for peace of mind. The hurricane exposed the sad reality of poverty in America. We saw, in all its horrific detail, the vulnerabilities of living in inadequate housing and the heartbreak of losing one's home.;Harry Connick, Jr.;home
The perfect date for me would be staying at home, making a big picnic in bed, eating Wotsits and cookies while watching cable TV.;Kim Kardashian;home
He that loves not his wife and children feeds a lioness at home, and broods a nest of sorrows.;Jeremy Taylor;home
We have two dogs, Mabel and Wolf, and three cats at home, Charlie, George and Chairman. We have two cats on our farm, Tom and Little Sister, two horses, and two mini horses, Hannah and Tricky. We also have two cows, Holy and Madonna. And those are only the animals we let sleep in our bed.;Ellen DeGeneres;home
Why should people go out and pay money to see bad films when they can stay at home and see bad television for nothing?;Samuel Goldwyn;home
Those who visit foreign nations, but associate only with their own country-men, change their climate, but not their customs. They see new meridians, but the same men and with heads as empty as their pockets, return home with traveled bodies, but untravelled minds.;Charles Caleb Colton;home
Bad psychoanalysis would say I enjoyed pleasing people, working really hard and pleasing people, which is probably related to my father in some way. But I really liked working hard. When I worked at Disneyland, I'd do 12 hours straight and go home thrilled.;Steve Martin;home
One of the greatest things drama can do, at it's best, is to redefine the words we use every day such as love, home, family, loyalty and envy. Tragedy need not be a downer.;Ben Kingsley;home
When I come home, my daughter will run to the door and give me a big hug, and everything that's happened that day just melts away.;Hugh Jackman;home
I still close my eyes and go home - I can always draw from that.;Dolly Parton;home
My mother never gave up one me. I messed up in school so much they were sending me home, but my mother sent me right back.;Denzel Washington;home
When a criminal breaks into your home I'll let the liberals call the lawyer. I'm going to call Smith &amp Wesson.;Rick Perry;home
I figure that if the children are alive when I get home, I've done my job.;Roseanne Barr;home
Students never think it can be the teacher's fault and so I thought I was stupid. I was frustrated and would come home and cry because I couldn't do it. Then we got a new teacher who made math accessible. That made all the difference and I learned that it's how you present it that makes it scary or friendly.;Danica McKellar;home
The physician can bury his mistakes, but the architect can only advise his client to plant vines - so they should go as far as possible from home to build their first buildings.;Frank Lloyd Wright;home
General Howard informed me, in a haughty spirit, that he would give my people 30 days to go back home, collect all their stock, and move onto the reservation.;Chief Joseph;home
The secret of a successful marriage is not to be at home too much.;Colin Chapman;home
Since I'm always working, my best holiday memories are definitely when I can just go home and spend time with my family.;Chris Brown;home
That is the returning to God which in reality is never concluded on earth but yet leaves behind in the soul a divine home sickness, which never again ceases.;Max Muller;home
There's a continuity between what I care about in any form: I care about it in my music, in article-writing, in how I dress, in how I live, in my relationships, in how I navigate paparazzi, how I decorate my home. There's such a continuity between everything that I don't really care what form it shows up in.;Alanis Morissette;home
I love you - I am at rest with you - I have come home.;Dorothy L. Sayers;home
Childhood obesity is best tackled at home through improved parental involvement, increased physical exercise, better diet and restraint from eating.;Bob Filner;home
England is my home. London is my home. New York feels like, if I have to spend a year living in an unfamiliar city, this is a pretty lovely one to spend a year in, but I will be going home at the end of it, certainly.;Daniel Radcliffe;home
Think you're escaping and run into yourself. Longest way round is the shortest way home.;James Joyce;home
The average husband enjoys the total effect of his home but is usually unable to contribute any of the details of work and organisation that make it enjoyable.;Havelock Ellis;home
If you reject the food, ignore the customs, fear the religion and avoid the people, you might better stay at home.;James A. Michener;home
I think when the full horror of being fifty hits you, you should stay home and have a good cry.;Josh Billings;home
Caesar might have married Cleopatra, but he had a wife at home. There's always something.;Will Cuppy;home
Here's kind of my motto - if you're not happy at home, you're not happy anywhere else.;Angie Harmon;home
Don't you stay at home of evenings? Don't you love a cushioned seat in a corner, by the fireside, with your slippers on your feet?;Oliver Wendell Holmes;home
Better do a good deed near at home than go far away to burn incense.;Amelia Earhart;home
One small cat changes coming home to an empty house to coming home.;Pam Brown;home
Here's how I think of my money - as soldiers - I send them out to war everyday. I want them to take prisoners and come home, so there's more of them.;Kevin O'Leary;home
Yes, I've kissed a lot of guys. I like to kiss, but that's it. I don't go home with anyone. I sleep with my animals, like my baby monkey, Brigitte Bardot.;Paris Hilton;home
I had only one superstition. I made sure to touch all the bases when I hit a home run.;Babe Ruth;home
By the time you get dressed, drive out there, play 18 holes and come home, you've blown seven hours. There are better things you can do with your time.;Richard M. Nixon;home
To be an ideal guest, stay at home.;E. W. Howe;home
Why would I retire? Sit at home and watch TV? No thanks. I'd rather be out playing.;Paul McCartney;home
The words that a father speaks to his children in the privacy of home are not heard by the world, but, as in whispering galleries, they are clearly heard at the end, and by posterity.;Jean Paul;home
Since the departure of good old-fashioned entertainers the re-emergence of somebody who wants to be an entertainer has unfortunately become a synonym for camp. I don't think I'm camper than any other person who felt at home on stage, and felt more at home on stage than he did offstage.;David Bowie;home
Christmas is, of course, the time to be home - in heart as well as body.;Garry Moore;home
Those men are most apt to be obsequious and conciliating abroad, who are under the discipline of shrews at home.;Washington Irving;home
Think about the comfortable feeling you have as you open your front door. That's but a hint of what we'll feel some day on arriving at the place our Father has lovingly and personally prepared for us in heaven. We will finally - and permanently - be 'at home' in a way that defies description.;Charles Stanley;home
I was making a lot of 8mm home movies, since I was twelve, making little dramas and comedies with the neighborhood kids.;Steven Spielberg;home
Teach love, generosity, good manners and some of that will drift from the classroom to the home and who knows, the children will be educating the parents.;Roger Moore;home
It's not like I'm this glamour diva who hands everything over and I just sit on my throne at home.;Heidi Klum;home
To be honest, when I'm home, every day is a Friday for me. It doesn't really matter what day it is for me. A lot of my friends actually have time off during the week, and so it doesn't prohibit me from enjoying myself when I am home on a Monday or a Tuesday.;Danica Patrick;home
The most influential of all educational factors is the conversation in a child's home.;William Temple;home
Nature is the mother and the habitat of man, even if sometimes a stepmother and an unfriendly home.;John Dewey;home
A man travels the world in search of what he needs and returns home to find it.;George Edward Moore;home
I report to you that our country is challenged at home and abroad: that it is our will that is being tried and not our strength our sense of purpose and not our ability to achieve a better America.;Lyndon B. Johnson;home
The war is dreadful. It is the business of the artist to follow it home to the heart of the individual fighters - not to talk in armies and nations and numbers - but to track it home.;David Herbert Lawrence;home
I missed my home - like the physicality of my home, I missed my friends and my family mostly and just hanging out and being in your home country - culturally it feels right and that is what I miss.;Orlando Bloom;home
Where there is a mother in the home, matters go well.;Amos Bronson Alcott;home
To Adam Paradise was home. To the good among his descendants home is paradise.;Augustus Hare;home
And when I was young, my family was perfectly nice. I write a lot about it, as you noticed. But it was rather limited. I think, I don't think anyone in my family would really feel I'd done them an injustice by saying that. We didn't see many people. There were many books. It was as if I wanted to get away from home.;Christopher Hitchens;home
The penalty for getting mugged in an American city and losing your ID is that you can't fly home.;Christopher Hitchens;home
In high school, a teacher once suggested that I be a math major in college. I thought, 'Me? You've got to be joking!' I mean, in junior high, I used to come home and cry because I was so afraid of my math homework. Seriously, I was terrified of math.;Danica McKellar;home
It takes a lot of work to put together a marriage, to put together a family and a home.;Elizabeth Edwards;home
I much prefer working with kids whose life could be completely upended by a reading of a book over a weekend. You give them a book to read - they go home and come back a changed person. And that is so much more interesting and exciting.;Russell Banks;home
How much a dunce that has been sent to roam, excels a dunce that has been kept at home.;William Cowper;home
Let architects sing of aesthetics that bring Rich clients in hordes to their knees Just give me a home, in a great circle dome Where stresses and strains are at ease.;R. Buckminster Fuller;home
At every party there are two kinds of people - those who want to go home and those who don't. The trouble is, they are usually married to each other.;Ann Landers;home
We live in grief for having left the womb, for having left the teat, then school, then home. In my case, it was leaving marriages, and the death of my wife.;William Shatner;home
Marrying a man is like buying something you've been admiring for a long time in a shop window. You may love it when you get it home, but it doesn't always go with everything else in the house.;Jean Kerr;home
Racism is taught in the home. We agree on that? Well, it's very hard to teach racism to a teenager who's listening to rap music and who idolizes, say, Snoop Dogg. It's hard to say, 'That guy is less than you.' The kid is like, 'I like that guy, he's cool. How is he less than me?;Jay-Z;home
Some men like a dull life - they like the routine of eating breakfast, going to work, coming home, petting the dog, watching TV, kissing the kids, and going to bed. Stay clear of it - it's often catching.;Hedy Lamarr;home
I learn something not because I have to, but because I really want to. That's the same view I have for performing. I'm performing because I really want to, not because I have to bring bread back home.;Yo-Yo Ma;home
I'm the type of woman you might say is too good. I'll massage a man's feet, have dinner cooked when he gets home. But once they leave, the door is closed, and the locks are changed.;Angie Stone;home
Oh, my ways are strange ways and new ways and old ways, And deep ways and steep ways and high ways and low, I'm at home and at ease on a track that I know not, And restless and lost on a road that I know.;Henry Lawson;home
When I do get the chance I just love to hang around at home with friends and family.;Delta Goodrem;home
There is only one home to the life of a river-mussel there is only one home to the life of a tortoise there is only one shell to the soul of man: there is only one world to the spirit of our race. If that world leaves its course and smashes on boulders of the great void, whose world will give us shelter?;Wole Soyinka;home
I daresay one good concert justifies a week of satisfaction at home.;Robert Plant;home
A visit to a cinema is a little outing in itself. It breaks the monotony of an afternoon or evening it gives a change from the surroundings of home, however pleasant.;Ivor Novello;home
For example, I was a White House intern the summer before I dropped out of law school. Everybody knew about it. I'd come home and go to church and everybody would say, 'Oh, my God. Demetri, you're working at the White House.';Demetri Martin;home
You leave home to seek your fortune and, when you get it, you go home and share it with your family.;Anita Baker;home
Producing is so exciting because you can enable things to happen, whether it's like discovering a filmmaker who you're taking a chance on, protecting a battle and driving home at the end of the day just going, 'I'm so glad I stayed late at work and fought hard for that. Had my passion. Won that battle.';Drew Barrymore;home
It seems sensible to me that we should look to the medical profession, that over the centuries has helped us to live longer and healthier lives, to help us die peacefully among our loved ones in our own home without a long stay in God's waiting room.;Terry Pratchett;home
But now, being a parent, I go home and see my son and I forget about any mistake I ever made or the reason I'm upset. I get home and my son is smiling or he comes running to me. It has just made me grow as an individual and grow as a man.;LeBron James;home
For target shooting, that's okay. Get a license and go to the range. For defense of the home, that's why we have police departments.;James Brady;home
Home is pretty utopian.;Scott Adams;home
