Women didn't want to be on the stage with other women because they didn't want their bodies to be compared. They didn't want another female act opening for them because of this weird competitive and tokenistic attitude.;Kathleen Hanna;attitude
Listen, whatever makes the movie better. That's the attitude you have to have.;Joseph Kosinski;attitude
Reason is an action of the mind knowledge is a possession of the mind but faith is an attitude of the person. It means you are prepared to stake yourself on something being so.;Michael Ramsey;attitude
Hardboiled crime fiction came of age in 'Black Mask' magazine during the Twenties and Thirties. Writers like Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler learnt their craft and developed a distinct literary style and attitude toward the modern world.;Charles Frazier;attitude
I don't think people are fools, and I think they deserve a good attitude and smart entertainment.;Tatyana Tolstaya;attitude
Hollywood's a very weird place. I think there's less of everything except for attitude.;Dean Cain;attitude
My agent says that I'm a 'repeat business guy.' If you hire me to come do a movie, I'll be on time, know all my material, be ready to go, have a good attitude. I'm here to work, so I get hired over and over again by the same producers. If you just be a team player on set you can work so much more often.;Dean Cain;attitude
What do you mean by faith? Is faith enough for Man? Should he be satisfied with faith alone? Is there no way of finding out the truth? Is the attitude of faith, of believing in something for which there can be no more than philosophic proof, the true mark of a Christian?;Clifford D. Simak;attitude
I still have a young attitude.;Pat Morita;attitude
Elvis Costello had a brand new bag. He was a musician, but he knew all about the attitude part of it.;Nick Lowe;attitude
The world is full of musicians who can play great, and you wouldn't cross the road to see them. It's people who have this indefinable attitude that are the good ones.;Nick Lowe;attitude
After working for years in Hollywood where the actors have taken over, it was a real relief to get down there and not only have some children, but also have some actors that had no attitude.;Phillip Noyce;attitude
When you are facing the wilderness on your own, you have a totally different attitude to someone who works in government or who has a monthly cheque.;Rick Santelli;attitude
If you take the contempt some Americans have for yuppies and multiply it by 10 you might come close to understanding their attitude towards the City, as they call it - London, the people of the south.;Martin C. Smith;attitude
If you go on stage with the wrong attitude, or something in your performance is off, you can lose an audience in the first minute. That first minute is crucial.;Allan Carr;attitude
We can do better in higher education. And it is more than just technology. It's also an attitude on the part of faculty. We need to think through how we can produce a better quality product at less cost.;Roy Romer;attitude
In terms of work I've always had a Bad Attitude in that I won't work anywhere which requires me to work strict hours or follow a dress code. I don't know if that's an Asperger's thing or not, I think it's just being reasonable.;Bram Cohen;attitude
Attitude is your acceptance of the natural laws, or your rejection of the natural laws.;Stuart Chase;attitude
Look, everything that you experience as a kid is the foundation of how you are today. I was brought up in a working class family in Leeds and when it comes to money both my parents worked hard and instilled the same attitude into me.;Melanie Brown;attitude
With my talent, I can make people laugh and give them another attitude about life. What a blessing that is for me.;Doris Roberts;attitude
Acting is magical. Change your look and your attitude, and you can be anyone.;Alicia Witt;attitude
When I first left university, I thought about going into the private sector. But I discovered when I went to interview that I could only have a career in the back office, or doing HR. The attitude was, 'My dear lady, you cannot possibly think about going on the board.';Pauline Neville-Jones;attitude
It got very tedious saying the same jokes in the same way with the same attitude.;Norm MacDonald;attitude
In regard to music, I just think that it's always best to have an attitude of being a perpetual student and always look to learn something new about music, because there's always something new to learn.;David Sanborn;attitude
Canadians tend to be a bit more religious than most Europeans - though not more than the Poles or Ukrainians. Most important, their attitude to immigration and ethnic minorities is more positive than that of most Europeans.;Timothy Garton Ash;attitude
The townspeople outside the reservations had a very superior attitude toward Indians, which was kind of funny, because they weren't very wealthy they were on the fringes of society themselves.;James Welch;attitude
The money is in a different league these days, of course, but I have special memories of the 60s and 70s which players today don't have. There wasn't the same celebrity attitude and media exposure. We had a bit more freedom.;Peter Shilton;attitude
My attitude about Hollywood is that I wouldn't walk across the street to pull one of those executives out of the snow if he was bleeding to death. Not unless I was paid for it. None of them ever did me any favors.;James Woods;attitude
All ideas come about through some sort of observation. It sparks an attitude some object or emotion causes a reaction in the other person.;Graham Chapman;attitude
There are a lot of female artists my age around at the moment, but they're all American and blonde and blue-eyed and smiley. I'm totally the opposite of that. I want to show a bit more attitude and I have an opinion.;Samantha Mumba;attitude
I try and have a relaxed attitude and stay quite switched off until about an hour before kick-off.;Roy Keane;attitude
I think it has other roots, has to do, in part, with a general anxiety in contemporary life... nuclear bombs, inequality of possibility and chance, inequality of goods allotted to us, a kind of general racist, unjust attitude that is pervasive.;Leonard Baskin;attitude
There has been a change in attitude, though.;Daniel Petrie;attitude
I want to work with kids and help develop them, show them the right way, the right morals and attitude into how to become a better footballer. Australia has many different cultures but I'd like to bring in the indigenous style, bring their competitiveness, athleticism and raw ability into the frame.;Timothy F. Cahill;attitude
There is no planning. On the night it is really great, it's euphoria and if it is not so great there is always tomorrow night. That was his attitude.;Ed McMahon;attitude
My grandmother is this amazingly theatrical woman. She acted like a movie star, as far as looks and attitude, kind of like Susan Hayward.;Parker Posey;attitude
If I don't make the team out of spring training, I'll keep a good attitude. I'll just go polish up the parts of my game that made me not stay in the big leagues.;Cory Lidle;attitude
If a site is done with pleasure and a fun attitude, it's a great way to communicate with your fans.;Christopher Lambert;attitude
I know a lot of Eastern Europeans, and because of what they have been through and what they have seen, they have an attitude where they are not easily fooled.;Francine Prose;attitude
I always have one or two, sometimes more, Navajo or other tribes' cultural elements in mind when I start a plot. In Thief of Time, I wanted to make readers aware of Navajo attitude toward the dead, respect for burial sites.;Tony Hillerman;attitude
In the business world today, failure is apparently not an option. We need to change this attitude toward failure - and celebrate the idea that only by falling on our collective business faces do we learn enough to succeed down the road.;Naveen Jain;attitude
I came on to the film with a very happy-go-lucky attitude which I think my character, Charlie, did when she went into the house. I expected it to be good, and then slowly things started to change for us all.;Jennifer Sky;attitude
I have the same attitude with work - I like to go to work, I like to work really hard I, like to give everything my all, I like to try things that are new, you know.;Rosie Huntington-Whiteley;attitude
There does not seem to be that collegiality I referred to, there seems to be much more of a them versus us attitude, rather than we all have a role to play in this process so let's get on with it.;Len G. Murray;attitude
I will not get very far with this attitude.;Nancy Cartwright;attitude
Turkey wants a policy of engagement exactly like President Obama's new approach. Policy of engagement, less confrontation, less tense attitude, especially in the region.;Ahmet Davutoglu;attitude
I was entirely natural and in many ways I have the same attitude now. I don't mourn the loss of my youth because I believe you should enjoy what you have while you have it.;Koo Stark;attitude
Our new attitude is how can we put you in front of our customer.;Terry Semel;attitude
Unfortunately, the attitude of many towards the press, humanitarians included and especially government workers, is often one of suspicion, if not outright fear.;Alvin Adams;attitude
After the first miscarriage, I tried to take the attitude that it was my body's way of telling me that this pregnancy wasn't meant to be.;Christie Brinkley;attitude
Nobody minded what you did in bed or what you said about God, a very civilized attitude in 1948.;Simon Raven;attitude
America won the Cold War by protecting our strategic resources from the threat of foreign control. We must bring the same attitude to our trade relationship with China.;Jo Ann Emerson;attitude
Our spiritual attitude is determined by our conception of our relation to infinite spirit.;Paul Twitchell;attitude
It's really interesting with art-movies too, but art especially - to see how your attitude toward artists and works and your level of appreciation of them is always shifting and changing over the years.;Richard Hell;attitude
My opponents attitude is, 'If it moves, tax it, if it keeps moving, regulate it and when it stops, subsidize it.;Rob Simmons;attitude
The artist is not responsible to any one. His social role is asocial... his only responsibility consists in an attitude to the work he does.;Georg Baselitz;attitude
Somehow, the greater the public opposition to the health care bill, the more determined they seem to force it on us anyway. Their attitude shows Washington at its very worst - the presumption that they know best, and they're going to get their way whether the American people like it or not.;Scott Brown;attitude
You know, who cares about seeing the girls when everybody wants to see the band. That's what's important, KISS is important. I think we look great, and the attitude is there, and I'm real happy with it.;Eric Carr;attitude
Athletic competition clearly defines the unique power of our attitude.;Bart Starr;attitude
I'm going to try to enjoy the All-Star break, hope my players reflect on what happened the first half of the season, come back with a different attitude, try to find our solution on how to win it.;Don Baylor;attitude
I won't say there aren't any Harvard graduates who have never asserted a superior attitude. But they have done so to our great embarrassment and in no way represent the Harvard I know.;Derek Bok;attitude
Its attitude, which it has preached and practiced, is skepticism. Now, it finds, the public is applying that skepticism to the press.;Thomas Griffith;attitude
Each experience through which we pass operates ultimately for our good. This is a correct attitude to adopt and we must be able to see it in that light.;Henry S. Haskins;attitude
When I drank, I had a very different attitude towards my playing. It was sloppier but I kind of liked it that way. It was like the alcohol was telling my mind what to do.;Mick Mars;attitude
I think we're in good hands. There's definitely much more momentum in bringing in good things to help support the show. Everyone's got a good attitude about it and I think that makes all the difference.;Crystal Chappell;attitude
That attitude does not exist so much today, but in those days there was a very sharp distinction between basic physics and applied physics. Columbia did not deal with applied physics.;Gordon Gould;attitude
My attitude towards drawing is not necessarily about drawing. It's about making the best kind of image I can make, it's about talking as clearly as I can.;Jim Dine;attitude
The attitude of the people proves that not only do we want to, but that we can succeed in pulling our country out of the difficult position it finds itself in. The banking system of our country will survive and grow.;Nicos Anastasiades;attitude
Patton was living in the Dark Ages. Soldiers were peasants to him. I didn't like that attitude.;Bill Mauldin;attitude
Hence, within the space of two generations there has been a complete revolution in the attitude of the trades-unions toward the women working in their trades.;Florence Kelley;attitude
Bader's philosophy was my philosophy. His whole attitude to life was mine.;Kenneth More;attitude
Americans have always had an ambivalent attitude toward intelligence. When they feel threatened, they want a lot of it, and when they don't, they regard the whole thing as somewhat immoral.;Vernon A. Walters;attitude
We will see that our new attitude toward liquor has been given to us without any thought or effort on our part. It just comes! That is the miracle of it.;William Griffith Wilson;attitude
If you eat something and get fat, you should be responsible for it. I think that is the attitude of the great majority of Americans, that you should be responsible for what you eat.;Vic Snyder;attitude
My deepest impulses are optimistic, an attitude that seems to me as spiritually necessary and proper as it is intellectually suspect.;Ellen Willis;attitude
I also had a mistaken attitude towards certain comrades.;Bela Kun;attitude
I film quite a bit of footage, then edit. Changes before your eyes, things you can do and things you can't. My attitude is always 'let it keep rolling.';Terrence Malick;attitude
Global political conditions make a direct American intervention difficult, but President Reagan's messianic and visceral attitude toward the Nicaraguan revolution could mean it will happen as an act of desperation.;Tomas Borge;attitude
Muslims have a very bad attitude to homosexuality, they're very intolerant.;Pim Fortuyn;attitude
Mental attitude and concentration are the keys to pitching.;Ferguson Jenkins;attitude
My first feeling about the paper and the attitude is that it is absurd.;Arthur Holly Compton;attitude
A discipline I have observed is an attitude of love and reverence to people.;Bessie Head;attitude
The attitude of the actor is his interpretation of what he reads, and the written word is what creates the role in the actor's mind, and I guess in reading the things that were given to me, I reacted as you guys saw me, you know.;Gene Barry;attitude
I can't believe the pro-choicers attitude toward unborn children-to me it's the ultimate liberal cause, to defend those without a voice.;Michael Aston;attitude
An attitude of philosophic doubt, of suspended judgment, is repugnant to the natural man. Belief is an independent joy to him.;William Minto;attitude
Even when I'm playing someone named Fat Amy, I'm all about confidence and attitude.;Rebel Wilson;attitude
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.;Confucius;beauty
To love beauty is to see light.;Victor Hugo;beauty
Beauty is only skin deep. If you go after someone just because she's beautiful but don't have anything to talk about, it's going to get boring fast. You want to look beyond the surface and see if you can have fun or if you have anything in common with this person.;Amanda Peet;beauty
A woman whose smile is open and whose expression is glad has a kind of beauty no matter what she wears.;Anne Roiphe;beauty
People are like stained - glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;beauty
The pursuit of truth and beauty is a sphere of activity in which we are permitted to remain children all our lives.;Albert Einstein;beauty
Of life's two chief prizes, beauty and truth, I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a laborer's hand.;Khalil Gibran;beauty
Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;beauty
Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams.;Ashley Smith;beauty
A thing of beauty is a joy forever: its loveliness increases it will never pass into nothingness.;John Keats;beauty
Beauty is eternity gazing at itself in a mirror.;Khalil Gibran;beauty
A beauty is a woman you notice a charmer is one who notices you.;Adlai E. Stevenson;beauty
The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;beauty
