I've covered a lot of ground geographically and emotionally and for years I lost my connection with my family. But the best comfort you can have, whether you are on the phone or sitting there in the living room with them, is with your parents, and to me family has always meant protection. When you smile you get a smile back, unconditionally.;Brigitte Nielsen;smile
The smile on your face lets me know that you need me, there's a truth in your heart that says you'll never leave me, and the touch of your hand says you'll catch me whenever I fall.;Allison Krauss;smile
People smile at me as if they know me. I just smile back. They probably might know me.;Jim Broadbent;smile
Get up and dance, get up and smile, get up and drink to the days that are gone in the shortest while.;Simon Fowler;smile
I will know how to hold you just by the look in your eye, I will never forget - not even on the day that I die. This is a promise of my passion for you, smile at me and make it true.;Diana Lynn;smile
A game one of my sisters will play with me in my first year of being alive is called Good Baby, Bad Baby. This consists of being told I am a good baby until I smile and laugh, then being told I am a bad baby until I burst into tears. This training will stand me in good stead all through my life.;Ali Smith;smile
Bjorn was a different breed, I threw my best material at him, but he would never smile, but that added to the charm when he played me and Mac. We were going nuts and losing our mind and he was sitting back like he was on a Sunday stroll.;Jimmy Connors;smile
I always challenge myself. I get out in deep water and I always try to get back. But I get hung up. The audience never knows, but that's when I smile the most, when I show the most ivory.;Earl Hines;smile
Operationally, God is beginning to resemble not a ruler but the last fading smile of a cosmic Cheshire cat.;Julian Huxley;smile
I love the live performances and Las Vegas. I also like making films that are being discovered by another generation. Having been a teen idol of the '60s is great because you realize you left your generation with a smile and good memories.;Connie Stevens;smile
In my whole career, I've never seen this type of race that you had to wait for the last day. There's so many teams that are involved. You've got to smile because we're in it.;David Wells;smile
I don't know why my smile has become a signature pose. I think it's a nice change. I think people want to see happiness, so a smile is what can bring that. I didn't make it my trademark on purpose.;Arizona Muse;smile
There is no point to samba if it doesn't make you smile.;Alma Guillermoprieto;smile
I think the deafness affects me more than I realise I think it makes me more tired. I loathe parties. I attend, smile and leave.;Stephanie Beacham;smile
I enjoy what Twitter is because I can really connect with the fans and it's a great way to share information with them and it's also a great way to entertain. I like being able to put a smile on people's faces and letting them know what I'm doing.;Peter Facinelli;smile
People who keep stiff upper lips find that it's damn hard to smile.;Judith Guest;smile
We may smile at these matters, but they are melancholy illustrations.;Joseph Howe;smile
I hope there have been times when I made you all proud, or made you all smile or at least piqued your interest in this wonderful institution we call government.;John Rowland;smile
I like guys with a nice smile. I know it's cliche, but it's so true! I like a guy with a nice smile and nice eyes.;Rebecca Black;smile
Some people know that they are so adorable looking, all they have to do is smile and dress up and they get plenty from that. Then there are some of us who, early on, see that that doesn't work. So we joke about it.;Merrill Markoe;smile
It is spectacular. From about five minutes in, when we knew for sure that we were going to have the weather to go, the smile on my face just got bigger and bigger, and I was just beaming through the whole launch. I mean, it is just an amazing ride.;Chris Hadfield;smile
I do love to walk around in New York because people will notice me, smile, but they never bother anyone. New Yorkers are very cool. I love New York.;Creed Bratton;smile
I don't remember ever deciding to become a performer. I just always was. I began performing by mimicking the performers on the new television that first took the attention away from me as the baby of the household. I continued performing to put a smile on my grandmother's face and always considered her when accepting or declining roles.;T'Keyah Crystal Keymah;smile
I like outgoing girls with a lovely smile and beautiful eyes.;Corbin Bleu;smile
I love to smile.;Inge de Bruijn;smile
It's been a hard time to celebrate, to come out with a smile. But I'm an American. Naomi asked me to come out to support other Americans, and here I am.;Angie Everhart;smile
I figured out, I guess, that the job just makes me happy if it's not number one. So if it all works, great. If it doesn't, I still go home, look at my kids, and I have a big smile on my face.;Thomas Kretschmann;smile
If you're going to kill someone there isn't much reason to get all worked up about it and angry - you just pull the trigger. Angry discussions beforehand are a waste of time. We need to smile at Novell while we pull the trigger.;Jim Allchin;smile
When life takes me on a new journey, I simply remember the smile my first ballet recital put on my face and I move forward.;Andrea Thompson;smile
I just smile. And they - my opponents don't like it when I smile at them. They think I'm playing or something. But - like I smile throughout the whole fight. Sometimes I'll be throwing combinations and I just smile and stick my tongue out at them.;Rau'Shee Warren;smile
If you meet a woman in a burqa, she can't reply to your smile. It's a denial of identity.;Jean-Francois Cope;smile
The people of Liberia know what it means to be deprived of clean water, but we also know what it means to see our children to begin to smile again with a restoration of hope and faith in the future.;Ellen Johnson Sirleaf;smile
No one is so completely disenchanted with the world, or knows it so thoroughly, or is so utterly disgusted with it, that when it begins to smile upon him he does not become partially reconciled to it.;Giacomo Leopardi;smile
You have to promote yourself you have to have this smile on your face all the time and be this nice guy - which I am!;Craig Roberts;smile
The Parthenon without the marbles is like a smile with a tooth missing.;Neil Kinnock;smile
The weaker the country, the stronger the smile.;Howard Koch;smile
I wake up every day with a smile on my face.;Henry Ian Cusick;smile
I try to make people smile and dance, not think about things or educate them.;Norman Cook;smile
Ever since I was four years old, I loved making people smile, making them think, making them feel good, feel some kind of emotion.;Ann-Margret;smile
When you walk into a room, a healthy, beautiful smile is incredibly important.;Susan Anton;smile
You see some of these actors, they have a permanent smile on their face. How can they do that? It really fascinates me.;Agnes Bruckner;smile
Tell me not of joy: there's none Now my little sparrow's gone He, just as you, Would toy and woo, He would chirp and flatter me, He would hang the wing awhile, Till at length he saw me smile, Lord! how sullen he would be!;William Cartwright;smile
I made a circle with a smile for a mouth on yellow paper, because it was sunshiny and bright.;Harvey Ball;smile
Comrades, this man has a nice smile, but he's got iron teeth.;Andrei A. Gromyko;smile
I just want to make people smile.;Julie Garwood;smile
You keep shooting. You hope it goes in, and you smile.;Teemu Selanne;smile
When you consider all the stars I have managed, mere submarines make me smile.;Charles Frohman;smile
Oh, the ignorance of us upon whom Providence did not sufficiently smile to permit us to be born in New England.;Horace Porter;smile
Ascetics and fakirs come to mitigate human suffering to heal us and lead us on the path. They put up with criticism they go through many worldly trials. Some of them have even become martyrs for our sake. But they have done all this with a smile and with gratitude to God. Hence sacrifice is a great virtue.;Sadhu Vaswani;smile
We ought to be beating our chests every day. We ought to look in the mirror, stick out our chests, suck in our bellies, and say, 'Damn, we're Americans,' and smile.;Jay Garner;smile
When Fortune smiles, I smile to think how quickly she will frown.;Robert Southwell;smile
Beautiful isle of the sea, Smile on the brow of the waters.;George Cooper;smile
My friends and family, especially my mom and dad, are always saying I should smile more.;Dillon Casey;smile
In junior high school, I was an object of pure ridicule for my dress, withdrawal, and asocial manner. Dozens of times, I saw individuals laugh and smile more in ten to fifteen minutes than I did in all my life up to then.;Arthur Bremer;smile
You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.;Mahatma Gandhi;society
An armed society is a polite society. Manners are good when one may have to back up his acts with his life.;Robert A. Heinlein;society
It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society.;Jiddu Krishnamurti;society
A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;society
There is more to life than increasing its speed.;Mahatma Gandhi;society
Think what a better world it would be if we all, the whole world, had cookies and milk about three o'clock every afternoon and then lay down on our blankets for a nap.;Barbara Jordan;society
Do not waste your time on Social Questions. What is the matter with the poor is Poverty what is the matter with the rich is Uselessness.;George Bernard Shaw;society
If a man walks in the woods for love of them half of each day, he is in danger of being regarded as a loafer. But if he spends his days as a speculator, shearing off those woods and making the earth bald before her time, he is deemed an industrious and enterprising citizen.;Henry David Thoreau;society
We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork.;Milton Friedman;society
What is the use of a house if you haven't got a tolerable planet to put it on?;Henry David Thoreau;society
Most of the change we think we see in life is due to truths being in and out of favor.;Robert Frost;society
The most dangerous creation of any society is the man who has nothing to lose.;James A. Baldwin;society
The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.;Lily Tomlin;society
The danger of the past was that men became slaves. The danger of the future is that man may become robots.;Erich Fromm;society
No society can surely be flourishing and happy, of which the far greater part of the members are poor and miserable.;Adam Smith;society
The society which scorns excellence in plumbing as a humble activity and tolerates shoddiness in philosophy because it is an exalted activity will have neither good plumbing nor good philosophy: neither its pipes nor its theories will hold water.;John W. Gardner;society
Some people strengthen the society just by being the kind of people they are.;John W. Gardner;society
We must stop thinking of the individual and start thinking about what is best for society.;Hillary Clinton;society
Society has always seemed to demand a little more from human beings than it will get in practice.;George Orwell;society
Society honors its living conformists and its dead troublemakers.;Mignon McLaughlin;society
In these times you have to be an optimist to open your eyes when you awake in the morning.;Carl Sandburg;society
The enemy of society is middle class and the enemy of life is middle age.;Orson Welles;society
Punishment is now unfashionable... because it creates moral distinctions among men, which, to the democratic mind, are odious. We prefer a meaningless collective guilt to a meaningful individual responsibility.;Thomas Szasz;society
Life was a lot simpler when what we honored was father and mother rather than all major credit cards.;Robert Orben;society
Formerly, when religion was strong and science weak, men mistook magic for medicine now, when science is strong and religion weak, men mistake medicine for magic.;Thomas Szasz;society
Neither the life of an individual nor the history of a society can be understood without understanding both.;C. Wright Mills;society
I am as frustrated with society as a pyromaniac in a petrified forest.;A. Whitney Brown;society
A pure democracy is a society consisting of a small number of citizens, who assemble and administer the government in person.;James Madison;society
Civilization is unbearable, but it is less unbearable at the top.;Timothy Leary;society
The human race's prospects of survival were considerably better when we were defenceless against tigers than they are today when we have become defenceless against ourselves.;Arnold J. Toynbee;society
The first principle of a free society is an untrammeled flow of words in an open forum.;Adlai E. Stevenson;society
The wise person often shuns society for fear of being bored.;Jean de la Bruyere;society
You can find your way across this country using burger joints the way a navigator uses stars.;Charles Kuralt;society
One of the definitions of sanity is the ability to tell real from unreal. Soon we'll need a new definition.;Alvin Toffler;society
I think this society suffers so much from too much freedom, too many rights that allow people to be irresponsible.;Boyd Rice;society
Perhaps in time the so-called Dark Ages will be thought of as including our own.;Georg C. Lichtenberg;society
To give aid to every poor man is far beyond the reach and power of every man. Care of the poor is incumbent on society as a whole.;Baruch Spinoza;society
Our individual lives cannot, generally, be works of art unless the social order is also.;Charles Horton Cooley;society
Good-looking individuals are treated better than homely ones in virtually every social situation, from dating to trial by jury.;Martha Beck;society
Suburbia is where the developer bulldozes out the trees, then names the streets after them.;Bill Vaughan;society
Man is the animal that intends to shoot himself out into interplanetary space, after having given up on the problem of an efficient way to get himself five miles to work and back each day.;Bill Vaughan;society
The world is governed more by appearance than realities so that it is fully as necessary to seem to know something as to know it.;Daniel Webster;society
How can a society that exists on instant mashed potatoes, packaged cake mixes, frozen dinners, and instant cameras teach patience to its young?;Paul Sweeney;society
It is not a fragrant world.;Raymond Chandler;society
Cockroaches and socialites are the only things that can stay up all night and eat anything.;Herb Caen;society
