I feel so good after a workout. Any time you can be alone with yourself is really important.;Shay Mitchell;alone
I tried acupuncture, the patch, and hypnosis, but found that I needed to do it alone - when the time was right for me.;Christy Turlington;alone
I think sometimes if you are alone, you are freer because your time is your own.;Aung San Suu Kyi;alone
One person alone can't do anything as important as bringing genuine democracy to a country.;Aung San Suu Kyi;alone
No one should be left to suffer alone.;Daisaku Ikeda;alone
When you work alone, you need to socialize at some level.;Jeffery Deaver;alone
I must try and break through the cliches about Latin America. Superpowers and other outsiders have fought over us for centuries in ways that have nothing to do with our problems. In reality we are all alone.;Gabriel Garcia Marquez;alone
The right to be let alone is indeed the beginning of all freedoms.;William O. Douglas;alone
Yeah, my dream would be to work for 6 months and then have 6 months to play, just snowboarding, surfing, and going to cool places to listen and be alone and kinda chill out.;Marc Newson;alone
Making checklists of things you're looking for in a person is the numero uno thing you can do to guarantee you'll be alone forever.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;alone
I'm a very brave person. I can go to North Vietnam, I can challenge my government, but I can't challenge the man I'm with if means I'm going to end up alone.;Jane Fonda;alone
When the traveler goes alone he gets acquainted with himself.;Liberty Hyde Bailey;alone
At the root of the shy temperament is a deep fear of social judgment, one so severe it can sometimes be crippling. Introverted people don't worry unduly about whether they'll be found wanting, they just find too much socializing exhausting and would prefer either to be alone or in the company of a select few people.;Jeffrey Kluger;alone
Virtue alone has majesty in death.;Edward Young;alone
Probably nothing serious or worthwhile can be accomplished without one's willingness to be alone for sustained periods of time, which is not to say that one must live alone, obsessively.;Joyce Carol Oates;alone
I'm fiercely independent, but I'm also terrified of being alone.;Adam Levine;alone
As a child, I had to get up early for school or work. I'd get ready by myself. I'd set my alarm to wake me up very early in the morning, and be off to work, the family driver driving me every morning. I did it alone, my parents never coming in to wake me up.;Janet Jackson;alone
It is eerie being all but alone in Westminster Abbey. Without the tourists, there are only the dead, many of them kings and queens. They speak powerfully and put my thoughts into vivid perspective.;A. N. Wilson;alone
Let me alone, and go in search of someone else.;Ali ibn Abi Talib;alone
Life is only a long and bitter suicide, and faith alone can transform this suicide into a sacrifice.;Franz Liszt;alone
For so long as the Jew has even one ally, he will be convinced - in his smallness of mind - that his salvation came from that ally. It is only when he is alone - against all of his own efforts and frantic attempts - that he will, through no choice, be compelled to turn to G-d.;Meir Kahane;alone
But it seems that the judging maybe they shouldn't at least see the practices all week long. That can taint the way they go into the judging and the outlook of what's going to happen, instead of just watching those four minutes and judging on those minutes alone.;Nancy Kerrigan;alone
No one chooses to raise children alone.;Erykah Badu;alone
I'm not saying that there's anything better than mated bliss at its best, but I'm saying that living alone is as good in its own way. But we haven't quite given ourselves permission to recognize that.;Barbara Feldon;alone
It was either Voltaire or Charlie Sheen who said, 'We are born alone. We live alone. We die alone. And anything in between that can give us the illusion that we're not, we cling to.';Gabriel Byrne;alone
Most bands don't even last fourteen months let alone fourteen years.;Peter Steele;alone
I was very happy sitting alone at a dining room table, writing a script.;Conrad Hall;alone
It's always easier if you have the support of your family, if you're not alone. I came from a country that has been through a lot of troubles in the last 20 to 30 years, but we have been through them together.;Novak Djokovic;alone
It's an amazing feeling to go into a studio and really be alone.;Joaquin Phoenix;alone
Not drunk is he who from the floor - Can rise alone and still drink more But drunk is They, who prostrate lies, Without the power to drink or rise.;Thomas Love Peacock;alone
Whatever my individual desires were to be free, I was not alone. There were many others who felt the same way.;Rosa Parks;alone
I'm never less at leisure than when at leisure, or less alone than when alone.;Scipio Africanus;alone
I'm ultimately a widow and a single mother, who's not even getting to be a mother right now. I am so alone, it's freaky.;Courtney Love;alone
I have my best ideas when I am alone.;Leona Lewis;alone
I learned why 'out riding alone' is an oxymoron: An equestrian is never alone, is always sensing the other being, the mysterious but also understandable living being that is the horse.;Jane Smiley;alone
When I walked to school in the mornings I would start out alone but would pick up four other boys along the way. We would set out together after school across the village green.;Roald Dahl;alone
You can't get rid of it with exercise alone. You can do the most vigorous exercise and only burn up 300 calories in an hour. If you've got fat on your body, the exercise firms and tones the muscles. But when you use that tape measure, what makes it bigger? It's the fat!;Jack LaLanne;alone
I'm not into watching stuff I did last week, let alone three or four years ago.;Chris Hemsworth;alone
The accumulation of skill and science which has been directed to diminish the difficulty of producing manufactured goods, has not been beneficial to that country alone in which it is concentrated distant kingdoms have participated in its advantages.;Charles Babbage;alone
Photography can never grow up if it imitates some other medium. It has to walk alone it has to be itself.;Berenice Abbott;alone
Postmodernism surely requires an even greater grasp of symbolism, as it's increasingly an art of gesture alone.;Andrew Eldritch;alone
I try to push ideas away, and the ones that will not leave me alone are the ones that ultimately end up happening.;J. J. Abrams;alone
Writing is a solitary occupation. Family, friends, and society are the natural enemies of the writer. He must be alone, uninterrupted, and slightly savage if he is to sustain and complete an undertaking.;Jessamyn West;alone
I'm a workaholic. Before long I'm traveling on my nervous energy alone. This is incredibly exhausting.;Eva Gabor;alone
I had to weave and play around with a honey bear, you know, and I could wrestle with him a little bit, but there's no way you can even wrestle a honey bear, let alone a grizzly bear that's standing ten feet to eleven feet tall! Can you imagine? But it was fascinating to work that close to that kind of animal.;Leslie Nielsen;alone
Women are smart in business and dumb in love. They won't date outside their zip code, let alone outside the city. They are city snobs.;Patti Stanger;alone
However, anyone to whom this happens should not leave his room upon awakening, should speak to no-one, but remain alone and sober until everything comes back to him, and he recalls the dream.;Paracelsus;alone
The question is what will Mitt Romney do as president if his policy is simply to be hands off and let the government be made so small it can be drowned in a bathtub. In the 21st century global economy, no state alone has the ability to compete against China.;Jennifer Granholm;alone
I was a little doubtful about the propriety of going to the Mammoth Cave without a gentleman escort, but if two ladies travel alone they must have the courage of men.;Maria Mitchell;alone
You can work on the saxophone alone, but ultimately you must perform with others.;Steve Lacy;alone
I'm really lucky that my record companies have been patient with me and leave me alone and give me the time to make it right in my mind.;Sarah McLachlan;alone
I think sometimes all you need is to hear someone else say the same thing that you're going through to realize that you're not alone. I try to put some sense of hope into the songs, into whatever the situation is so that it's not just dirt, drudgery and a life of misery.;Sarah McLachlan;alone
It's only when you're alone that you realize where you are. You have nothing to fall back on except your own resources.;Paul Theroux;alone
The best part about being with a group is that you don't have to do everything alone. You're with your friends.;Justin Timberlake;alone
In a civilized society, all crimes are likely to be sins, but most sins are not and ought not to be treated as crimes. Man's ultimate responsibility is to God alone.;Geoffrey Fisher;alone
People love pretty much the same things best. A writer looking for subjects inquires not after what he loves best, but after what he alone loves at all.;Annie Dillard;alone
Buddhism notes that it is always a mistake to think your soul can go it alone.;Annie Dillard;alone
Good acting is all in the writing. If it isn't on the page, then it really won't make any difference. You cannot act on force of personality alone.;Larry Hagman;alone
I just broke up with my boyfriend, and I've been spending more time alone than I'd like.;Lucinda Williams;alone
I live to hail that season by gifted one foretold, when men shall live by reason, and not alone by gold.;George Linnaeus Banks;alone
Man cannot live by incompetence alone.;Charlotte Whitton;alone
The power of a book lies in its power to turn a solitary act into a shared vision. As long as we have books, we are not alone.;Laura Bush;alone
I know that books I have written will still resonate in 50 years - particularly 'My Sister's Keeper.' It has sold three million copies in the States alone. I strongly feel that, as a novelist, you have a platform and the ability to change people's minds.;Jodi Picoult;alone
With fame there is a crosswire between intensity and intimacy. You have decoy intimacy, but you are also very much alone.;Mike Myers;alone
Do not rely completely on any other human being, however dear. We meet all life's greatest tests alone.;Agnes Macphail;alone
In the country of pain we are each alone.;May Sarton;alone
People like eccentrics. Therefore they will leave me alone, saying that I am a mad clown.;Vaslav Nijinsky;alone
If you would have your son to walk honourably through the world, you must not attempt to clear the stones from his path, but teach him to walk firmly over them - not insist upon leading him by the hand, but let him learn to go alone.;Anne Bronte;alone
All still lifes are actually paintings of the world on the sixth day of creation, when God and the world were alone together, without man!;Robert Musil;alone
I'm a huge Wes Anderson fan I would faint if I met him, let alone got to work with him.;Emma Roberts;alone
Forbidden pleasures alone are loved immoderately when lawful, they do not excite desire.;Quintilian;alone
As regards parents, I should like to see them as highly educated as possible, and I do not restrict this remark to fathers alone.;Quintilian;alone
Government alone cannot solve the problems we deal with in our correctional facilities, treatment centers, homeless shelters and crisis centers - we need our faith-based and community partners.;Dirk Kempthorne;alone
Whoever wants to know something about me - as an artist which alone is significant - they should look attentively at my pictures and there seek to recognise what I am and what I want.;Gustav Klimt;alone
Let your mind alone, and see what happens.;Virgil Thomson;alone
I rise to taste the dawn, and find that love alone will shine today.;Ken Wilber;alone
If men knew how women pass the time when they are alone, they'd never marry.;O. Henry;alone
Americans different in some maybe thoughts or emphasis still have the same ideas. They want a government that lets them be free, that leaves them alone, that doesn't interrupt and interfere with every aspect of their life, that lets them go to work and keep more of what they've worked hard to have.;Mike Huckabee;alone
A good government may, indeed, redress the grievances of an injured people but a strong people can alone build up a great nation.;Thomas Francis Meagher;alone
I made some friends at Listerine and they taught me a little bit about oral care. That half of adults suffer from oral disease, that the number one chronic disease among children is oral disease, that we're only taking care of 25% of our mouths when brushing alone and there are more germs in your mouth than there are people on the planet.;Ginnifer Goodwin;alone
I would point out that I'm an actress for a reason! If I were popular in high school, I would have considered another career because I wouldn't have been alone in my room, making up other characters for myself. I definitely had growing pains. The popular kids didn't want anything to do with the girl who was starting the drama club.;Ginnifer Goodwin;alone
Some players you pat their butts, some players you kick their butts, some players you leave alone.;Pete Rose;alone
My overcoat is worn out my shirts also are worn out. And I ask to be allowed to have a lamp in the evening it is indeed wearisome sitting alone in the dark.;William Tyndale;alone
As for style, there is something about the way musicians dress-they seem to be able to create their own world within their fashion alone.;Nicole Richie;alone
One definition of eternity is that we are not alone on this planet, that there are those who've gone before and those who will come, and that there is a community of spirits.;Rita Dove;alone
I think Mr. Wilson will have to be the rest of the way alone.;Flip Wilson;alone
In art, all who have done something other than their predecessors have merited the epithet of revolutionary and it is they alone who are masters.;Paul Gauguin;alone
In truth, I am a single mother. But I don't feel alone at all in parenting my daughter. Krishna has a whole other side of her family who loves her, too. And so Krishna is parented by me, but also by her grandmother and aunts and cousins and uncles and friends.;Padma Lakshmi;alone
No one can arrive from being talented alone, work transforms talent into genius.;Anna Pavlova;alone
In the U.S. alone, weather disasters caused $50 billion in economic damages in 2010.;Jeff Goodell;alone
Style used to be an interaction between the human soul and tools that were limiting. In the digital era, it will have to come from the soul alone.;Jaron Lanier;alone
What does it mean to not be alone? I've approached that question through music, technology, writing and other means.;Jaron Lanier;alone
I understand and get when kids and teenagers feel like they're alone and it's not going to get better. My advice is that there is a support system out there, there are a lot of people who have been through what you're going through and are going through it now.;Brittany Snow;alone
No enterprise, small or large, public or private, can remain self-governing, let alone successful, so deeply in hock to others as we are about to be.;Mitch Daniels;alone
The methods by which a trade union can alone act, are necessarily destructive its organization is necessarily tyrannical.;Henry George;alone
Our country will, I believe, sooner forgive an officer for attacking an enemy than for letting it alone.;Horatio Nelson;alone
To share our stories is not only a worthwhile endeavor for the storyteller, but for those who hear our stories and feel less alone because of it.;Joyce Maynard;alone
The English Bible - a book which, if everything else in our language should perish, would alone suffice to show the whole extent of its beauty and power.;Thomas B. Macaulay;alone
The object of oratory alone in not truth, but persuasion.;Thomas B. Macaulay;alone
