If you desire ease, forsake learning.;Nagarjuna;learning
I'm learning, but I'm getting better at it because I'm learning how to hear God in worship.;Michael W. Smith;learning
I am just learning to notice the different colors of the stars, and already begin to have a new enjoyment.;Maria Mitchell;learning
The world of learning is so broad, and the human soul is so limited in power!;Maria Mitchell;learning
During the days of segregation, there was not a place of higher learning for African Americans. They were simply not welcome in many of the traditional schools. And from this backward policy grew the network of historical black colleges and universities.;Michael N. Castle;learning
The rare person is still interested in new advances when they are adults. There is possibly a correlation with intelligence. In any case, you have to be fairly bright to keep learning and changing attitudes as you get older.;Keith Henson;learning
Lie detection is like language there is a learning window. Telling whoppers to small children seems to be a family tradition in many families.;Keith Henson;learning
I never was good at learning things. I did just enough work to pass. In my opinion it would have been wrong to do more than was just sufficient, so I worked as little as possible.;Manfred von Richthofen;learning
Children themselves know they are being cheated. Ultimately we owe it to our children. They are in school for 190 days a year. Every moment they spend learning is precious. If a year goes by and they are not being stretched and excited, that blights their life.;Michael Gove;learning
It is literally the case that learning languages makes you smarter. The neural networks in the brain strengthen as a result of language learning.;Michael Gove;learning
That is what I'm looking forward to the most, practical learning. I want to be a registered nurse so getting to talk to people who already work in those jobs can really teach me what to expect when I get out in the real world.;Angela Carter;learning
I'm still learning my craft.;Yann Martel;learning
The tradition of Russian literature is also an eastern tradition of learning poetry and prose by heart.;Ryszard Kapuscinski;learning
Again, the American people expect us to do what they are doing. It's tightening the belt, it's learning how to do more with less. That's a reality today, and we've got to do that in order to get the private sector growing.;Eric Cantor;learning
Part of my training was learning how to refer patients to cardiologists for heart problems, gastroenterologists for stomach issues, and rheumatologists for joint pain. Given that most physicians were trained this way, it's no wonder that the average Medicare patient has six doctors and is on five different medications.;Mark Hyman;learning
As an audience member, those studio films are fun. I like an adventure tale, and I also like to go see something that has more of a social pulse. I like to keep learning and trying new things. And if the scripts are good, it doesn't really matter.;Michael Fassbender;learning
I met a lot of young girls modelling and they were like, 'Oh, I'm running around town and people are taking my picture', while I was saving receipts and learning how to be self-employed.;Christina Hendricks;learning
Perfecting oneself is as much unlearning as it is learning.;Edsger Dijkstra;learning
Of course, learning is strengthened and solidified when it occurs in a safe, secure and normal environment.;Jean-Bertrand Aristide;learning
Quality afterschool programs provide safe, engaging and fun learning experiences to help children and youth develop their social, emotional, physical, cultural and academic skills.;Debbie Stabenow;learning
Acting has always existed alongside my normal life. It's been a case of learning on the job. I've worked in so many styles, with so many people, so I've picked bits up from everyone and everything.;Felicity Jones;learning
I'm interested in all forms of performance, yet I think it's difficult to be as equally talented in all of them as they call for such different skills. At the moment, I still feel I'm learning and want as much experience and variety as possible.;Felicity Jones;learning
In a world that is constantly changing, there is no one subject or set of subjects that will serve you for the foreseeable future, let alone for the rest of your life. The most important skill to acquire now is learning how to learn.;John Naisbitt;learning
The novel is about five students of classics who are studying with a classics professor, and they take the ideas of the things that they're learning from him a bit too seriously, with terrible consequences.;Donna Tartt;learning
It is no secret that the fruits of language study are in no sort of relation to the labour spent on teaching and learning them.;Edward Sapir;learning
Every time you go in, it's like starting over. You don't know how you did the other records. You're learning all over. It's some weird musician amnesia, or maybe the road wipes it out.;Beck;learning
Having photographed the landscape for a number of years and specifically working with trees and in the forest I found, without consciously thinking about it, that it was a great learning experience for me in terms of organizing elements.;John Sexton;learning
Acting is a life experience. I'm always learning things when I'm making a movie. So the fame part of it is fine when you consider what you get out of this job.;Kate Bosworth;learning
Good education means learning to read, write and most importantly learn how to learn so that you can be whatever you want to be when you grow up.;Patty Murray;learning
I started playing ukulele first for 2 years from age 9 to 11 and got my first guitar and got inspired by blues I heard on the radio that turned me on and I started learning myself.;Johnny Winter;learning
One thing changes every evening: It's the audience, and I'm working my magic. I'm always learning from it.;Eli Wallach;learning
A love of books, of holding a book, turning its pages, looking at its pictures, and living its fascinating stories goes hand-in-hand with a love of learning.;Laura Bush;learning
I guess confidence is the only thing that I take from project to project, but I'm always open to learning everybody's style - the director, the actor I'm working with.;Freida Pinto;learning
I opened my own restaurant when I was 17. I went broke, then traveled around the country, learning about different kinds of foods, had three other restaurants that went broke. It didn't all start just a few years ago!;Paul Prudhomme;learning
That was a real learning element for me, because I realized that the more true you are to yourself, the more you will lose people.;Bill Sienkiewicz;learning
But, if you observe children learning in their first few years of life, you can see that they can and do learn on their own - we leave them alone to crawl, walk, talk, and gain control over their bodies. It happens without much help from parents.;Daniel Greenberg;learning
I'd love to go to fashion week! I'm learning more about designers, thanks to 'Pretty Little Liars'' costume designer, Mandi Line.;Lucy Hale;learning
People mature at different stages and I feel I'm learning a lot.;Lee Westwood;learning
They are the guiding oracles which man has found out for himself in that great business of ours, of learning how to be, to do, to do without, and to depart.;John Morley;learning
The battle was first waged over the right of the Negro to be classed as a human being with a soul later, as to whether he had sufficient intellect to master even the rudiments of learning and today it is being fought out over his social recognition.;James Weldon Johnson;learning
I've seen a lot of the United States, having stayed in so many different cities and towns for work. It's such a strange and fascinating country, and instead of learning about it through a textbook, I would rather discover its history and traditions and institutions through fiction and nonfiction writers.;Hope Davis;learning
I wanted to get to that aesthetic proposition that comes out of learning the human elements of a world, so that those notes and rhythms mean something to you besides just the academic way in which they fall in place.;Stanley Crouch;learning
I speak about family and adoption because it 100% changed my life and who I am. It definitely played a very large role into just learning how to be grateful for what you have and being fulfilled in a way that a lot of adopted kids don't feel.;Jenna Ushkowitz;learning
I'd love to do a romantic comedy. And perhaps, if the character was right and I had a good gut instinct, a Bollywood movie. And I'd love to direct. One day. I'm learning a lot on the set of 'The Good Wife.';Archie Panjabi;learning
Yes - it's the same in any other work - the more you massage your thinking the more capable I believe you are of expanding how you go about things and learning.;Siobhan Davies;learning
There's no media training. In cooking school, there's not even manager training. You learn the fundamentals of cooking. Everything else is learning by doing.;Rene Redzepi;learning
Learning about issues such as sustainability and locavorism are things that you need to have as part of you as a chef because it will make you cook more delicious food.;Rene Redzepi;learning
In the end, my pursuit of the elusive New York State driver's license became about much more than a divorced woman's learning to drive for the first time.;Suzanne Vega;learning
I spent a little time in Germany as a schoolboy learning German, and it's a country I knew very well, spent a lot of time in. I knew the history very well. I've always wanted to do a piece of work about the post-war period, of one sort or another.;Stephen Daldry;learning
I had actually been on tour in Japan and I had my own world tour that I was doing. I was used to doing a show for an hour, so I was always learning choreography.;Christina Milian;learning
Someone taught me how to eat properly. Learning from others is important when it's not working for yourself.;Geri Halliwell;learning
It wasn't until after private lessons and learning bass lines that I even noticed bass in the music I was listening to at that age. My ears were blown wide open.;Trevor Dunn;learning
If I don't need the money, I don't work. I'm going to spend time with my family and friends, and I'm going to travel and read and listen to music and try to learn a little bit more about how to be a human being, as opposed to learning how to be somebody else.;James Spader;learning
I hope the cooks who are working for me now are getting that kind of experience so they can use what they're learning now as a foundation for a great career.;Thomas Keller;learning
I can always see what I've done wrong. I'm always learning. I'm the perennial student.;Pat Oliphant;learning
It goes against the grain of modern education to teach students to program. What fun is there to making plans, acquiring discipline, organizing thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be self critical.;Alan Perlis;learning
I can't talk about foreign policy like anyone who's spent their life reading and learning foreign policy. But as a citizen in a democracy, it's very important that I participate in that.;Ron Silver;learning
The lopsided attitudes of college professors pose a serious challenge to learning because students are so susceptible to becoming lopsided sheep.;Suzanne Fields;learning
It takes a long time to learn that a courtroom is the last place in the world for learning the truth.;Alice Koller;learning
The learning process continues until the day you die.;Kirk Douglas;learning
Every picture has been a learning opportunity for me.;Sam Raimi;learning
A little learning is a dangerous thing, but a lot of ignorance is just as bad.;Bob Edwards;learning
The best part of making the movies... learning from the pros themselves.;Michelle Rodriguez;learning
Learning about the way people process information and their emotions is hugely helpful to my work.;Ellen Pompeo;learning
The failures and successes are necessary for learning.;Wynonna Judd;learning
That image of the countryside being a threatening place still exists. People continue to resist the challenge of learning about aspects of life they don't understand.;Mary Wesley;learning
We're all like children. We may think we grow up, but to me, being grown up is death, stopping thinking, trying to find out things, going on learning.;Mary Wesley;learning
Learning to shoot firearms to me is a little like driving stick - it seems like a decent skill to have.;Sarah Wayne Callies;learning
I'm learning to hunt with rifles, because if you think about it, hunting gets you the healthiest meat - organic, free-range food. It's a totally yuppie spin on what I thought was kind of a redneck occupation.;Sarah Wayne Callies;learning
Isn't one of your first exercises in learning how to communicate to write a description of how to tie your shoelaces? The point being that it's basically impossible to use text to show that.;Donald Norman;learning
Also, the more you're not focused on showbiz and instead focused on life, learning about other people, and keeping your eyes open and trying to be aware of the world.;Jason Schwartzman;learning
Before, it was just about making the films - and now it's releasing them. Which is a steep learning curve.;Jessica Chastain;learning
The Company of Wolves is about how society teaches young women to look at themselves, and what to be afraid of. It's about a girl learning that the world of sensuality and the unknown is not to be feared, that it's worth getting your teeth into.;Neil Jordan;learning
It's hard to be perfect, It really is. I keep learning things after I've already bungled it.;Tina Weymouth;learning
I think I've spent so much time playing characters that are so far away from me and learning how to technically build and how to technically put something on top of you.;Josh Lucas;learning
I grew up listening to Jay-Z, and I think the first time I really became obsessed with learning and thinking about lyrics was when I started listening to rap I was 11, 12, and started becoming aware of music beyond the familiar.;Ezra Koenig;learning
I remember in the circus learning that the clown was the prince, the high prince. I always thought that the high prince was the lion or the magician, but the clown is the most important.;Roberto Benigni;learning
In this business, if you take too long, the landscape changes. So the opportunities that were there when I decided to take a break weren't there when I came back. It's like, 'Wait a second - what happened here?' It was a real learning experience. I've paid my dues, I will tell you that.;Chris O'Donnell;learning
Architecture is a science arising out of many other sciences, and adorned with much and varied learning by the help of which a judgment is formed of those works which are the result of other arts.;Marcus V. Pollio;learning
Perhaps, to the uninformed, it may appear unaccountable that a man should be able to retain in his memory such a variety of learning but the close alliance with each other, of the different branches of science, will explain the difficulty.;Marcus V. Pollio;learning
Even though I was theatrically trained, learning to develop a character was an awesome experience.;Corin Nemec;learning
That was the reasoning behind learning to play bass, and then after that it was more like it was neat to play songs together - for me to play bass and for him to play guitar.;Tom Araya;learning
I sat staring, staring, staring - half lost, learning a new language or rather the same language in a different dialect. So still were the big woods where I sat, sound might not yet have been born.;Emily Carr;learning
The willingness to keep learning is, I think, the most important thing about trying to be good at anything. You never want to stop learning.;Emile Hirsch;learning
Learning is any change in a system that produces a more or less permanent change in its capacity for adapting to its environment.;Herbert Simon;learning
I'm developing a record company. I'm learning how to supervise music on a film.;Carson Daly;learning
I've never gone to acting school and I never will, so I'm learning about the business from the people who are in the business. It doesn't seem like I work at all. And the unknown is always exciting.;Jonathan Rhys Meyers;learning
I enjoyed the administrative work because it involved working with Congress, city council, and the mayor. I had never been a politician so it was fun - learning political maneuvering.;Harold H. Greene;learning
People are learning to feel more comfortable hearing one another's dreams. It used to be that if you told a dream in public, someone had to make a joke to relieve the tension introduced by that alternative reality.;Henry Reed;learning
So there was something of a learning curve with doing your own thing and people seeing you outside of the band. I mean, people have never really heard my voice before - or heard a whole record of mine before. So it was a completely new experience.;James Iha;learning
Remaining vigilant toward this ever-present threat means constantly learning how better to protect ourselves. But primarily it reminds us that we must fight and win the war on terror, so that we do not have to fight it here in America.;Mark Kennedy;learning
That folk music led to learning to play, and making things up led to what turns out to be the most lucrative part of the music business - writing, because you get paid every time that song gets played.;Jackson Browne;learning
I've grown a lot, and I'm learning every week.;Mark Pincus;learning
Home schooled children frequently combine for many purposes - and they interact well. The growth of the home schooling movement means that more and more children are learning together, just not in a traditional classroom.;Ernest Istook;learning
I'm social and I meet people and talk to people but I'm not looking for the ideal person to fit my mold and to raise my family with yet. I'm just kind of doing my thing and learning from the people I'm around and who I cross paths with.;Picabo Street;learning
I grew up in the southern United States in a city which at that time during the late '40's and early '50's was the most segregated city in the country, and in a sense learning how to oppose the status quo was a question of survival.;Angela Davis;learning
For me, the most difficult thing is that I am learning melodies on guitar from some songs whose melodies were not meant to be played on guitar. Ever. They were intended mostly for keyboards or melodic percussion.;Dweezil Zappa;learning
There is a lot of learning I have to do and a lot of growing up I have to do.;Bubba Watson;learning
I learned a lot from that first record and I learned a lot from my experiences touring, but really the biggest education I got over the past two years was learning the importance of arrangements.;Vanessa Carlton;learning
