I guess the nicest thing about being, I won't say famous but being popular is a more proper word for me to use would be that if you've got a recognizable name, a lot of times you can get people to do things for you ordinarily that you wouldn't get done.;Mickey Gilley;famous
Celebrities say they date other celebrities because they have the same job. But I think they just like dating famous people. Celebrities attract each other, like cattle.;Jason Lee;famous
Here's the funny thing about the response I've been aware of to my dating famous people: It's been very negative. I'm either not good-looking enough, not a good enough actor or not successful enough for these people.;Dax Shepard;famous
Quentin is very organic there was no way that he was going to put someone else's hand in there and anyway, my hands are kind of famous. It seemed right.;David Carradine;famous
I was getting a lot of editorial, as in lots of pages in 'Vogue,' but it's far more important to get your dresses on the back of a famous person. Charlotte Rampling in Bruce Oldfield. That sells.;Bruce Oldfield;famous
But things move in circles: one minute it's the models who are famous, then it's the actresses, then it's the designers.;Rachel Hunter;famous
I had a very erratic career. I got very famous for a minute and then it just all went away, you know?;Colin Hay;famous
I got very famous for a minute and then it just all went away, you know? And for the last 20 years - you've got to pick yourself up and dust yourself off and then go on your merry way and start again, in a sense, and that's what I've been doing.;Colin Hay;famous
I don't like the idea of famous people.;Kristin Hersh;famous
The most famous person in my phone is Lindsay Lohan. We starred in 'Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen' together in 2004 and we've stayed in touch.;Adam Garcia;famous
Berry Gordy turned his house into a studio and discovered over 30 acts in the city. And we're famous all over the world.;Martha Reeves;famous
Whereas you have someone like Houdini, who works really, really hard to get really, really famous, and then has actual intellectual ideas that he puts into the culture that stay there.;Penn Jillette;famous
We played in Texas about a year ago, at Emo's, the famous country and western club in Austin. And I figured, well, if I'm finally gonna die onstage, that's where it's going to be!;Alan Vega;famous
Oh yeah, I was one of the first guys writing comic books, I wrote Captain America, with guys like Stan Lee, who became famous later on with Marvel Comics.;Mickey Spillane;famous
In its famous paradox, the equation of money and excrement, psychoanalysis becomes the first science to state what common sense and the poets have long known - that the essence of money is in its absolute worthlessness.;Norman O. Brown;famous
It's very hard to get rich and famous at a young age and handle it well.;Randy Newman;famous
We had such a wonderful set of circumstances in Wilmington. Yes, the four of us became famous literally overnight, but we were in a small town and we always knew when people were coming down. We always knew when to behave.;Katie Holmes;famous
I get to meet fantastic people, and I get to go through so many emotions. For me, I have a craving for that. When I'm acting, I feel great. It's not to be famous.;Christopher Parker;famous
I worked on scores. I went to the musical library in Berlin which is very famous. I discovered that we had scores of Beethoven, printed scores of Beethoven, that are full of mistakes. Not the wrong or false notes, but the wrong dynamic, understandable things.;Kurt Masur;famous
I was in a karaoke video in 1991, for a song called 'Sukiyaki,' which is a very famous Japanese song, and I've actually heard from people that they've been in bars in Asia where they've seen me come up in the 'Sukiyaki' video that they play behind you. I'm in that. I'm in a karaoke video.;Michael Weatherly;famous
You know, I think Jesus was famous and also in a lot of trouble because he always chose people over sort of established procedures.;Gene Robinson;famous
Olympic Gold changed me and my life dramatically. I became a celebrity overnight and people see me as a famous skater, not a real person.;Oksana Baiul;famous
When I first became famous, I didn't know if I could go where I wanted to because I didn't know how people were going to act. Some folks would scream and holler, and I didn't know what to do with that.;Jill Scott;famous
In a lot of aspects it's cooler that we don't have a lot of really overly famous people in the band.;Neal Schon;famous
Look at Gleason in The Honeymooners. He was humorous but the way he lived wasn't really humorous. He was a bus driver. Who wants to be a bus driver? He didn't have any money and he was not famous. But despite that, the show is humorous.;George Thorogood;famous
No matter how famous and established they were or however blessed they were with great songs or long careers, if they lived alone, they lived alone. That's not the way I wanted to live prior to the tour or after.;Edie Brickell;famous
I've never had a desire to be famous. Lots of actors are actually extremely shy. I have shy areas.;Jeremy Northam;famous
Its only when you are a great actor and are recognised for your good work that you become famous. Unless you are in the news for the wrong reasons!;Christine Lahti;famous
I am super-proud to have a sort of famous character in my background that if you're a certain age, he was probably a part of your youth. I think that's pretty cool.;Adam Brody;famous
Many medal winners dream of competing in a sport other than the one they're famous for.;Mary Lou Retton;famous
I had one fight in my adult life. I had the famous '89 fight with Nicole, which she admits that she initiated the physical part.;O. J. Simpson;famous
For somebody famous, it's weird anyway to meet someone, because they have a preconceived notion of who you are.;Ricki Lake;famous
I didn't want to be famous. I just wanted to earn enough money to have a nice life and enjoy acting.;David McCallum;famous
But just playing the partner of someone famous, I had a lot more freedom.;Rachel Griffiths;famous
I'm officially near-famous. If you've got four year old kids and you've got cable, then you've got no choice but to know who I am. But if you're one of my peers - a 26-year old guy who lives in Manhattan - you have no idea who I am. I'm only famous if you're four.;Steve Burns;famous
I'm terrified of being too famous. What I'm really afraid of is that the audiences will go into the theater and not be able to forget that it's me, that fame will stand in the way of my acting. I want to keep being able to change into different shapes and different personalities.;Noomi Rapace;famous
In fact, I'd just like to own something. Everyone thinks I'm glamorous, rich and famous but all I've got is some recording equipment and a battered old BMW.;Dido Armstrong;famous
You don't have to be rich and famous. You just have to be an ordinary person, doing extraordinary things. I'd like more people to know that it's there. Women's achievements still aren't recognised enough in many areas.;Joan Armatrading;famous
When I was a kid, the idea of why I wanted acting to be the thing I do for the rest of my life was different. It was, Oh yeah, I'll get girls and be famous.;Edward Furlong;famous
I think anybody who's famous has to deal with their fame in their own way, and I dealt with it by making a film about a kid who's looking out into the world of celebrity obsession.;Adrian Grenier;famous
I've been around some very famous people, but no one has the effect Maradona has people tremble in his presence.;Emir Kusturica;famous
I don't know how to construct a career that'll make me famous. Except maybe get my ears pinned back, get my teeth done, and go to America. But then I'll be competing with billions of actors who haven't got false teeth, and who are 25.;Ian Hart;famous
I just want to be rich and famous.;Ian Hart;famous
My philosophy was, if I just do good work, someone will like it enough to employ me. It never made me famous. And I'm way, way too old now, mate. That boat's sailed.;Ian Hart;famous
We were delighted to have Nigel as a producer. The only problem is that Nigel is so famous that he seems to dominate most interviews without being there.;Stephen Malkmus;famous
George Harrison was also a pleasure to work with. He was one of the most famous people I've ever known, but in spite of that fame, he was such a nice and friendly guy.;Alvin Lee;famous
I think I'll always be famous. I just hope I don't become infamous.;Cee Lo Green;famous
I never set out to become 'famous.' I mean, when you're 14 you think 'I'm gonna become a writer and people will want my autograph and that'll be cool,' but you grow up and you learn that's just not how the world works. I resigned myself to the fact that I would probably never be published and if I did it probably wouldn't be a big deal.;Patrick Rothfuss;famous
On the other hand, when I give it closer thought, I realize I'm not enough of a dictator to conduct an orchestra because it requires a pretty awful person. When you read these biographies of famous conductors, they are all awful people who fail in their private relationships.;Eberhard Weber;famous
There are a lot of famous comedians from Liverpool, then obviously the Beatles, and the football club. That's what people in Liverpool are passionate about.;Ian Rush;famous
I just don't feel much interested in the lifestyles of the rich and famous.;Michael Cunningham;famous
Of course there have been times I regretted being the kid in 'E.T.' My world went completely crazy. I was that stupid kind of famous, where you can't go anywhere.;Henry Thomas;famous
Hollywood people want to build you up and make you famous only to knock you off you're the pedestal they built for you.;Morgan Brittany;famous
I was with a famous comedian when a young fan walked up and asked for an autograph. The comedian blew him off. I'll never forget the look on the young boy's face. He was devastated.;Louie Anderson;famous
I really had little interest in becoming famous. When I write my book, it will be my guide to avoid becoming a rock star.;Edgar Winter;famous
They used to but not any more. You kind of get used to it - you accept it is part of your job - if you're famous and you want this life, you have got to accept this part of it as well.;Charlotte Church;famous
I love singing - singing is what I'm famous for doing. Now it's turned into things I am famous for doing - like having rows with my mum or about my boyfriend, so it does get irritating.;Charlotte Church;famous
To put it simply - you know, a lot of people believe that the benefit of this job is fame and fortune. I believe that you pay for the fortune through the fame. I don't buy into the notion that being famous is somehow a good thing, or an exciting thing, or a wonderful thing.;Evangeline Lilly;famous
I didn't get into skating to be famous.;Eric Heiden;famous
It's not a sport you get famous at. If I wanted to be famous, I would have stuck with hockey.;Eric Heiden;famous
When I started on MySpace, people wanted to support me, but once I rose to fame with the MTV show, they felt like I had abandoned them for some reason, that I was too famous to talk to them anymore.;Tila Tequila;famous
Thus, after finishing high school, I started with high expectations and enthusiasm to study chemistry at the famous Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich.;Richard Ernst;famous
All my life, it's been the same with men. Being a woman who is famous and adored by men is very hard for any boyfriend to handle. All my boyfriends end up insecure.;Samantha Fox;famous
I guess we decided to make a new record 3 years ago when Nancy was done scoring for Almost Famous.;Ann Wilson;famous
Well, yeah. At a certain point, you've got to be really honest with yourself. Like, 'Why am I doing this? What are my motivations?' Like, if you get into it because you want to be famous? Then you've got a long row to hoe. But if you really feel like it's a labour of love and it's something you're actually legitimately good at, then it's not that hard to keep plugging away.;Will Arnett;famous
Being rich and famous isn't all happiness and at times the pressures have got to me.;Annni-Frid Lyngstad;famous
I've learned to stay away from publicity addicts, people who want to be famous for no reason.;Paz de la Huerta;famous
I believe some people in this business suffer from fame because they behave in a famous fashion.;Stephen Rea;famous
You'll know if you're a famous composer if 20 years from now your name appears on a pull-down menu in Band in a Box, alongside Hans Zimmer.;Cliff Martinez;famous
I think it's real easy to be famous these days it's not real easy to sustain success.;Jerry Jeff Walker;famous
I worked at a hot dog place, a bagel place, the Jersey Store and the hottest fashion joint around. I was getting too famous to work there anymore. I was almost showing up as a joke. I made $2,000 on my show the previous night and I'm going to go shopping during my five-hour shift.;Wale;famous
I'm learning as I go. I don't know everything. I never had anybody to look at, nobody ever taught me, and where I'm from I didn't have any famous role models.;Wale;famous
I'm famous for being nicer to my fans than anyone on the face of the earth because I figure, a) They pay my salary, and b) It's probably like a big moment in your life to meet somebody so I would say, 'Just come on up.';James Wood;famous
It struck me that working digitally with a small crew, I could lay out a general plan for Famous and hope for mistakes which would create something more than satire and something less than truthful reality.;Griffin Dunne;famous
The excitement for me lies not so much in interviewing the hard-to-get famous person, but the person whom you are about to discover. You know, like maybe the character actors who are just coming into their own and you're realizing how great they are.;Terry Gross;famous
There's so many things I want to do. I want to work with great filmmakers, great actors, great scripts. And there's no reason for me to do anything short of that, because I'm 24, I don't have a family, I don't need to make tons of money, and I'm not dying to get famous.;Tobey Maguire;famous
The world's most famous and popular language is music.;PSY;famous
One of the hardest things for me, now that I'm famous, is finding people who can read my stuff and give me an honest critique.;Ken Follet;famous
One thing I think celebrities shy away from is exposing the reality that we're all the same. Somebody's not more important because they have a Bentley or a big house or a famous boyfriend or plastic surgery - we're all the same.;Aubrey O'Day;famous
There's such big pressure on people who are incredibly famous, on those who have people sitting outside their front door and taking photos every time they move.;Miranda Otto;famous
I never set out to be rich and famous. I wanted to follow my own path.;Matthew Modine;famous
In approaching our subject it will be best, without attempting to shorten the path by referring to famous theories of the drama, to start directly from the facts, and to collect from them gradually an idea of Shakespearean Tragedy.;Andrew Coyle Bradley;famous
In Germany I am not so famous.;Hans Berger;famous
Thank God I arrived the day before yesterday, the first of the month, at this port of San Diego, truly a fine one, and not without reason called famous.;Junipero Serra;famous
I've wanted to perform my entire life. I found a paper I wrote in kindergarten class about what I wanted to be when I grew up - and I wrote 'a famous singer!';Heather Morris;famous
I'm just not a private person. It's not like I do things because I want things to be public it's just that's my way of expressing myself, and I happen to be very famous.;Lily Allen;famous
My goal was not to be famous or rich but to be good at what I did. And that required going to New York and studying and working in the theater.;Shirley Knight;famous
I used to think no one should go into show biz, but now I feel differently. I now feel like it's a great career. If you can do it and make money at it and still not be so famous that you can have a normal life - then I think it's a great career.;Julia Sweeney;famous
You're asking the wrong girl about fame. I'm hardly famous. I wouldn't want to trade places with anyone else.;Nikki Cox;famous
Why does anybody want to be famous? You know what's important to me? Having lunch! Pasta! Seeing my friends! Is that so crazy?;Sherry Stringfield;famous
I'm hardly famous. I wouldn't want to trade places with anyone else.;Nikki Cox;famous
Sonny and another Hells Angel who was at the meeting thought they were beyond a little patch so they headed down to a local tattoo shop in Oakland and were the first to get the famous One Percent tattoos.;Chuck Zito;famous
When someone becomes successful or rich and famous, people perceive that person as being different. But I'm the same guy I've always been.;Barry Zito;famous
I did grow up next door to Steve McQueen, who was a very famous movie star at the time, but as a kid it didn't impress me. We always had great fun with him. He would take us out on Sundays on his motorcycles, riding around in the desert he was like a second father.;Herb Ritts;famous
It's hard to have a bad hair day when you're famous.;Marion Jones;famous
I'm not unknown, yet I'm not super famous where I can't go anywhere.;Justin Guarini;famous
I like photographing the people I love, the people I admire, the famous, and especially the infamous. My last infamous subject was the extreme right wing French politician Jean-Marie Le Pen.;Helmut Newton;famous
I don't have any expectations as an actor and being rich and famous is not my driving force.;James D'arcy;famous
The seven wise men of Greece, so famous for their wisdom all the world over, acquired all that fame, each of them, by a single sentence consisting of two or three words.;Robert South;famous
