I don't excercise. If God had wanted me to bend over, he would have put diamonds on the floor.;Joan Rivers;god
God's plan for enlarging His kingdom is so simple - one person telling another about the Savior. Yet we're busy and full of excuses. Just remember, someone's eternal destiny is at stake. The joy you'll have when you meet that person in heaven will far exceed any discomfort you felt in sharing the gospel.;Charles Stanley;god
If I can put one touch of rosy sunset into the life of any man or woman, I shall feel that I have worked with God.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;god
Men always talk about the most important things to perfect strangers. In the perfect stranger we perceive man himself the image of a God is not disguised by resemblances to an uncle or doubts of wisdom of a mustache.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;god
Why is it that when we talk to God we're said to be praying but when God talks to us we're schizophrenic?;Lily Tomlin;god
Small amounts of philosophy lead to atheism, but larger amounts bring us back to God.;Francis Bacon;god
If people destroy something replaceable made by mankind, they are called vandals if they destroy something irreplaceable made by God, they are called developers.;Joseph Wood Krutch;god
Love, it has been said, flows downward. The love of parents for their children has always been far more powerful than that of children for their parents and who among the sons of men ever loved God with a thousandth part of the love which God has manifested to us?;Augustus Hare;god
When I told the people of Northern Ireland that I was an atheist, a woman in the audience stood up and said, 'Yes, but is it the God of the Catholics or the God of the Protestants in whom you don't believe?;Quentin Crisp;god
Every happening, great and small, is a parable whereby God speaks to us, and the art of life is to get the message.;Malcolm Muggeridge;god
As all human beings are, in my view, creatures of God's design, we must respect all other human beings. That does not mean I have to agree with their choices or agree with their opinions, but indeed I respect them as human beings.;Stockwell Day;god
If you are caught on a golf course during a storm and are afraid of lightning, hold up a 1-iron. Not even God can hit a 1-iron.;Lee Trevino;god
Most laws condemn the soul and pronounce sentence. The result of the law of my God is perfect. It condemns but forgives. It restores - more than abundantly - what it takes away.;Jim Elliot;god
Friends are the siblings God never gave us.;Mencius;god
God continues to work miracles in my life.;Willie Aames;god
Where mercy, love, and pity dwell, there God is dwelling too.;William Blake;god
God does not die on the day when we cease to believe in a personal deity, but we die on the day when our lives cease to be illumined by the steady radiance, renewed daily, of a wonder, the source of which is beyond all reason.;Dag Hammarskjold;god
God Almighty first planted a garden. And indeed, it is the purest of human pleasures.;Francis Bacon;god
It is common for those that are farthest from God, to boast themselves most of their being near to the Church.;Matthew Henry;god
We can stand affliction better than we can prosperity, for in prosperity we forget God.;Dwight L. Moody;god
That we must love one God only is a thing so evident that it does not require miracles to prove it.;Blaise Pascal;god
It is incomprehensible that God should exist, and it is incomprehensible that he should not exist.;Blaise Pascal;god
The most important thing is God's blessing and if you believe in God and you believe in yourself, you have nothing to worry about.;Mohamed Al-Fayed;god
But God can only smile because only God can know what is coming next.;Desmond Tutu;god
The parents have a right to say that no teacher paid by their money shall rob their children of faith in God and send them back to their homes skeptical, or infidels, or agnostics, or atheists.;William Jennings Bryan;god
God can be realized through all paths. All religions are true. The important thing is to reach the roof. You can reach it by stone stairs or by wooden stairs or by bamboo steps or by a rope. You can also climb up by a bamboo pole.;Ramakrishna;god
As surely as I am the living God, everyone will kneel before me, and everyone will confess that I am God.;Jesus Christ;god
God has placed no limits to the exercise of the intellect he has given us, on this side of the grave.;Francis Bacon;god
The feeling remains that God is on the journey, too.;Saint Teresa of Avila;god
I'm grateful to God for His bountiful gifts... He gave me courage and faith in myself.;Loretta Young;god
God will forgive me. It's his job.;Heinrich Heine;god
The knowledge of God is very far from the love of Him.;Blaise Pascal;god
The finite is annihilated in the presence of the infinite, and becomes a pure nothing. So our spirit before God, so our justice before divine justice.;Blaise Pascal;god
I have two young children with autism. What could they have ever done to deserve that? What kind of a God allows the innocent to suffer? It's a mystery. Yet still, I believe in God.;Fred Melamed;god
The question is what I wanted to do with the new life God has given me. This is the mission I want to take on.;Billy Tauzin;god
To be full of things is to be empty of God. To be empty of things is to be full of God.;Meister Eckhart;god
God help those who do not help themselves.;Wilson Mizner;god
The tendency to claim God as an ally for our partisan value and ends is the source of all religious fanaticism.;Reinhold Niebuhr;god
Sometimes your medicine bottle has on it, 'Shake well before using.' That is what God has to do with some of His people. He has to shake them well before they are ever usable.;Vance Havner;god
Clouds symbolize the veils that shroud God.;Honore de Balzac;god
I am in love - and, my God, it is the greatest thing that can happen to a man. I tell you, find a woman you can fall in love with. Do it. Let yourself fall in love. If you have not done so already, you are wasting your life.;David Herbert Lawrence;god
But men must know, that in this theatre of man's life it is reserved only for God and angels to be lookers on.;Francis Bacon;god
God gave me a voice to sing with, and when you have that, what other gimmick is there?;Whitney Houston;god
It is not fitting, when one is in God's service, to have a gloomy face or a chilling look.;Francis of Assisi;god
If you tell God no because He won't explain the reason He wants you to do something, you are actually hindering His blessing. But when you say yes to Him, all of heaven opens to pour out His goodness and reward your obedience. What matters more than material blessings are the things He is teaching us in our spirit.;Charles Stanley;god
It's a mystery. That's the first thing that interests me about the idea of God. If there is one, it's mysterious and powerful and awesome to even consider the concept, and you have to take it seriously.;Stephen King;god
Let's face it God has a big ego problem. Why do we always have to worship him?;Bill Maher;god
Many believe - and I believe - that I have been designated for this work by God. In spite of my old age, I do not want to give it up I work out of love for God and I put all my hope in Him.;Michelangelo;god
God made me and broke the mold.;Jean-Jacques Rousseau;god
As a religion, bilingualism is the god that failed. It has led to no fairness, produced no unity, and cost Canadian taxpayers untold millions.;Stephen Harper;god
A lot of people think Christianity is about always being perfect. It's actually the opposite of that. It's realizing that we're all humans, and that's why God sent his Son to this earth - to save people.;Billy Ray Cyrus;god
Dodging and burning are steps to take care of mistakes God made in establishing tonal relationships.;Ansel Adams;god
Maybe humans are just the pet alligators that God flushed down the toilet.;Chuck Palahniuk;god
Whosoever is delighted in solitude is either a wild beast or a god.;Francis Bacon;god
God gave us our relatives thank God we can choose our friends.;Ethel Watts Mumford;god
We say keep your change, we'll keep our God, our guns, our constitution.;Sarah Palin;god
Every war results from the struggle for markets and spheres of influence, and every war is sold to the public by professional liars and totally sincere religious maniacs, as a Holy Crusade to save God and Goodness from Satan and Evil.;Robert Anton Wilson;god
You may call God love, you may call God goodness. But the best name for God is compassion.;Meister Eckhart;god
God expects but one thing of you, and that is that you should come out of yourself in so far as you are a created being made and let God be God in you.;Meister Eckhart;god
God forbid you be an ugly girl, 'course too pretty is also your doom, 'cause everyone harbors a secret hatred for the prettiest girl in the room.;Ani DiFranco;god
And God said, 'Let there be light' and there was light, but the Electricity Board said He would have to wait until Thursday to be connected.;Spike Milligan;god
Every day people are straying away from the church and going back to God.;Lenny Bruce;god
God cannot alter the past, though historians can.;Samuel Butler;god
How quickly we forget God's great deliverances in our lives. How easily we take for granted the miracles he performed in our past.;David Wilkerson;god
God gives us our relatives, thank God we can choose our friends.;Ethel Watts Mumford;god
Worry - a God, invisible but omnipotent. It steals the bloom from the cheek and lightness from the pulse it takes away the appetite, and turns the hair gray.;Benjamin Disraeli;god
You never know God is all you need until God is all you have.;Rick Warren;god
I did my best, and God did the rest.;Hattie McDaniel;god
God may be in the details, but the goddess is in the questions. Once we begin to ask them, there's no turning back.;Gloria Steinem;god
It is not because angels are holier than men or devils that makes them angels, but because they do not expect holiness from one another, but from God only.;William Blake;god
An apology for the devil: it must be remembered that we have heard one side of the case. God has written all the books.;Samuel Butler;god
I am blessed to have so many great things in my life - family, friends and God. All will be in my thoughts daily.;Lil' Kim;god
Man's mind is like a store of idolatry and superstition so much so that if a man believes his own mind it is certain that he will forsake God and forge some idol in his own brain.;John Calvin;god
When I judge art, I take my painting and put it next to a God made object like a tree or flower. If it clashes, it is not art.;Paul Cezanne;god
I don't pray because I don't want to bore God.;Orson Welles;god
Sometimes I do get to places just when God's ready to have somebody click the shutter.;Ansel Adams;god
A singer starts by having his instrument as a gift from God... When you have been given something in a moment of grace, it is sacrilegious to be greedy.;Marian Anderson;god
I believe in something. But I don't believe that anything can hold a grudge for long enough to condemn its creation to eternal punishment. Nobody can hold a grudge that long, even God.;Chuck Palahniuk;god
Maybe it's our sins that give God consolation when he finally has to give us cancer.;Chuck Palahniuk;god
Those whom God wishes to destroy, he first makes mad.;Euripides;god
To judge from the notions expounded by theologians, one must conclude that God created most men simply with a view to crowding hell.;Marquis de Sade;god
I say, If everybody in this house lives where it's God first, friends and family second and you third, we won't ever have an argument.;Jeff Foxworthy;god
Suffering passes, while love is eternal. That's a gift that you have received from God. Don't waste it.;Laura Ingalls Wilder;god
Apply yourself. Get all the education you can, but then, by God, do something. Don't just stand there, make it happen.;Lee Iacocca;god
We hand folks over to God's mercy, and show none ourselves.;George Eliot;god
The sons of Judah have to choose that God may again choose them. The divine principle of our race is action, choice, resolved memory.;George Eliot;god
An ounce of cheerfulness is worth a pound of sadness to serve God with.;Thomas Fuller;god
One needs occasionally to stand aside from the hum and rush of human interests and passions to hear the voices of God.;Anna Julia Cooper;god
Because wherever I am today, I still owe it to God and I owe it to two men - the Honorable Elijah Muhammad and Malcolm X and of course, two very special women, my mother and my wife.;Louis Farrakhan;god
There's too much tendency to attribute to God the evils that man does of his own free will.;Agatha Christie;god
Business underlies everything in our national life, including our spiritual life. Witness the fact that in the Lord's Prayer, the first petition is for daily bread. No one can worship God or love his neighbor on an empty stomach.;Woodrow Wilson;god
Create like a god, command like a king, work like a slave.;Constantin Brancusi;god
If you hug to yourself any resentment against anybody else, you destroy the bridge by which God would come to you.;Peter Marshall;god
All things are artificial, for nature is the art of God.;Thomas Browne;god
Assuredly, Loving Souls, you should go to God with all humility and respect, humbling yourselves in His presence, especially when you remember your past ingratitude and sins.;Alphonsus Liguori;god
Outside the kingdom of the Lord there is no nation which is greater than any other. God and history will remember your judgment.;Haile Selassie;god
God is ever present. He's in every breath, in every step. He's here, always, always.;Jill Scott;god
We failed, but in the good providence of God apparent failure often proves a blessing.;Robert E. Lee;god
I actually pray everyday, but I don't believe in God.;Harvey Fierstein;god
