Apparently, a democracy is a place where numerous elections are held at great cost without issues and with interchangeable candidates.;Gore Vidal;politics
Politics, it seems to me, for years, or all too long, has been concerned with right or left instead of right or wrong.;Richard Armour;politics
Half of the American people have never read a newspaper. Half never voted for President. One hopes it is the same half.;Gore Vidal;politics
Radical changes in world politics leave America with a heightened responsibility to be, for the world, an example of a genuinely free, democratic, just and humane society.;Pope John Paul II;politics
Hell hath no fury like a bureaucrat scorned.;Milton Friedman;politics
An idea not coupled with action will never get any bigger than the brain cell it occupied.;Arnold H. Glasow;politics
Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely.;Lord Acton;politics
Republicans are men of narrow vision, who are afraid of the future.;Jimmy Carter;politics
Pollution is nothing but the resources we are not harvesting. We allow them to disperse because we've been ignorant of their value.;R. Buckminster Fuller;politics
It is not in the nature of politics that the best men should be elected. The best men do not want to govern their fellowmen.;George MacDonald;politics
Oh, that lovely title, ex-president.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;politics
Democracy is being allowed to vote for the candidate you dislike least.;Robert Byrne;politics
A liberal is a man who is willing to spend somebody else's money.;Carter Glass;politics
One of the reasons people hate politics is that truth is rarely a politician's objective. Election and power are.;Cal Thomas;politics
Republicans have nothing but bad ideas and Democrats have no ideas.;Lewis Black;politics
In politics nothing is contemptible.;Benjamin Disraeli;politics
In most places in the country, voting is looked upon as a right and a duty, but in Chicago it's a sport.;Dick Gregory;politics
If we desire respect for the law, we must first make the law respectable.;Louis D. Brandeis;politics
I know many writers who first dictate passages, then polish what they have dictated. I speak, then I polish - occasionally I do windows.;Edward Koch;politics
When I was a boy I was told that anybody could become President I'm beginning to believe it.;Clarence Darrow;politics
America's present need is not heroics but healing not nostrums but normalcy not revolution but restoration.;Warren G. Harding;politics
The activist is not the man who says the river is dirty. The activist is the man who cleans up the river.;Ross Perot;politics
Our whole constitutional heritage rebels at the thought of giving government the power to control men's minds.;Thurgood Marshall;politics
For every talent that poverty has stimulated it has blighted a hundred.;John W. Gardner;politics
You may think the president is all-powerful, but he is not. He needs a lot of guidance from the Lord.;Barbara Bush;politics
Politics is the art of choosing between the disastrous and the unpalatable.;John Kenneth Galbraith;politics
You cannot spend your way out of recession or borrow your way out of debt.;Daniel Hannan;politics
Liberalism is, I think, resurgent. One reason is that more and more people are so painfully aware of the alternative.;John Kenneth Galbraith;politics
In order to become the master, the politician poses as the servant.;Charles de Gaulle;politics
When one may pay out over two million dollars to presidential and Congressional campaigns, the U.S. government is virtually up for sale.;John W. Gardner;politics
A conservative is a man who just sits and thinks, mostly sits.;Woodrow Wilson;politics
The end move in politics is always to pick up a gun.;R. Buckminster Fuller;politics
Do you ever get the feeling that the only reason we have elections is to find out if the polls were right?;Robert Orben;politics
I have long enjoyed the friendship and companionship of Republicans because I am by instinct a teacher, and I would like to teach them something.;Woodrow Wilson;politics
Every man who repeats the dogma of Mill that one country is no fit to rule another country must admit that one class is not fit to rule another class.;B. R. Ambedkar;politics
If nominated, I will not run if elected, I will not serve.;William Tecumseh Sherman;politics
The idea that you can merchandise candidates for high office like breakfast cereal - that you can gather votes like box tops - is, I think, the ultimate indignity to the democratic process.;Adlai E. Stevenson;politics
Liberalism is trust of the people tempered by prudence. Conservatism is distrust of the people tempered by fear.;William E. Gladstone;politics
A politician will do anything to keep his job - even become a patriot.;William Randolph;politics
If you don't like the President, it costs you 90 bucks to fly to Washington to picket. If you don't like the Governor, it costs you 60 bucks to fly to Albany to picket. If you don't like me, 90 cents.;Edward Koch;politics
The secret of getting things done is to act!;Dante Alighieri;politics
A conservative is someone who makes no changes and consults his grandmother when in doubt.;Woodrow Wilson;politics
Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half of the people are right more than half of the time.;E. B. White;politics
Freedom of the press is guaranteed only to those who own one.;A. J. Liebling;politics
The only difference between the Democrats and the Republicans is that the Democrats allow the poor to be corrupt, too.;Oscar Levant;politics
Free speech is not to be regulated like diseased cattle and impure butter. The audience that hissed yesterday may applaud today, even for the same performance.;William O. Douglas;politics
As you make your bed, so you must lie in it.;Daniel J. Boorstin;politics
I think it's a terrible shame that politics has become show business.;Sydney Pollack;politics
I have a fantasy where Ted Turner is elected President but refuses because he doesn't want to give up power.;Arthur C. Clarke;politics
Vote for the man who promises least he'll be the least disappointing.;Bernard Baruch;politics
Politics is war without bloodshed, while war is politics with bloodshed.;Mao Zedong;politics
No real social change has ever been brought about without a revolution... revolution is but thought carried into action.;Emma Goldman;politics
Politics is too serious a matter to be left to the politicians.;Charles de Gaulle;politics
A war for a great principle ennobles a nation.;Albert Pike;politics
The revolution is a dictatorship of the exploited against the exploiters.;Fidel Castro;politics
Turn on to politics, or politics will turn on you.;Ralph Nader;politics
Every politician should have been born an orphan and remain a bachelor.;Lady Bird Johnson;politics
Many politicians are in the habit of laying it down as a self-evident proposition that no people ought to be free till they are fit to use their freedom. The maxim is worthy of the fool in the old story who resolved not to go into the water till he had learned to swim.;Thomas B. Macaulay;politics
The flood of money that gushes into politics today is a pollution of democracy.;Theodore White;politics
Freedom means the opportunity to be what we never thought we would be.;Daniel J. Boorstin;politics
The revenues of Cuban state-run companies are used exclusively for the benefit of the people, to whom they belong.;Fidel Castro;politics
Reporters thrive on the world's misfortune. For this reason they often take an indecent pleasure in events that dismay the rest of humanity.;Russell Baker;politics
The world is governed by opinion.;William Ellery Channing;politics
The beef industry has contributed to more American deaths than all the wars of this century, all natural disasters, and all automobile accidents combined.;Neal Barnard;politics
A conservative is one who admires radicals centuries after they're dead.;Leo Rosten;politics
The most important political office is that of the private citizen.;Louis D. Brandeis;politics
In politics it is necessary either to betray one's country or the electorate. I prefer to betray the electorate.;Charles de Gaulle;politics
I do have a political agenda. It's to have as few regulations as possible.;Dan Quayle;politics
The thing I enjoyed most were visits from children. They did not want public office.;Herbert Hoover;politics
Justice, sir, is the great interest of man on earth. It is the ligament which holds civilized beings and civilized nations together.;Daniel Webster;politics
It is a measure of the framers' fear that a passing majority might find it expedient to compromise 4th Amendment values that these values were embodied in the Constitution itself.;Sandra Day O'Connor;politics
If you are going to sin, sin against God, not the bureaucracy. God will forgive you but the bureaucracy won't.;Hyman Rickover;politics
Conservatives define themselves in terms of what they oppose.;George Will;politics
I should prefer to have a politician who regularly went to a massage parlour than one who promised a laptop computer for every teacher.;A. N. Wilson;politics
The largest party in America, by the way, is neither the Democrats nor the Republicans. It's the party of non-voters.;Robert Reich;politics
In politics, what begins in fear usually ends in failure.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;politics
I can remember when Democrats believed that it was the duty of America to fight for freedom over tyranny.;Zell Miller;politics
You have not converted a man because you have silenced him.;John Morley;politics
The first resistance to social change is to say it's not necessary.;Gloria Steinem;politics
The Vice-Presidency is sort of like the last cookie on the plate. Everybody insists he won't take it, but somebody always does.;Bill Vaughan;politics
Voters don't decide issues, they decide who will decide issues.;George Will;politics
The world will never have lasting peace so long as men reserve for war the finest human qualities. Peace, no less than war, requires idealism and self-sacrifice and a righteous and dynamic faith.;John Foster Dulles;politics
The politicians were talking themselves red, white and blue in the face.;Clare Boothe Luce;politics
When they see me holding fish, they can see that I am comfortable with kings as well as with paupers.;Imelda Marcos;politics
The United States brags about its political system, but the President says one thing during the election, something else when he takes office, something else at midterm and something else when he leaves.;Deng Xiaoping;politics
I've been to war, and it's not easy to kill. It's bloody and messy and totally horrifying, and the consequences are serious.;Oliver Stone;politics
My hope is that 10 years from now, after I've been across the street at work for a while, they'll all be glad they gave me that wonderful vote.;Sandra Day O'Connor;politics
It is difficult to discern a serious threat to religious liberty from a room of silent, thoughtful schoolchildren.;Sandra Day O'Connor;politics
Sensible and responsible women do not want to vote. The relative positions to be assumed by man and woman in the working out of our civilization were assigned long ago by a higher intelligence than ours.;Grover Cleveland;politics
He too serves a certain purpose who only stands and cheers.;Henry Adams;politics
The more I see of the representatives of the people, the more I admire my dogs.;Alphonse de Lamartine;politics
So long as we have enough people in this country willing to fight for their rights, we'll be called a democracy.;Roger Nash Baldwin;politics
Confronted with the choice, the American people would choose the policeman's truncheon over the anarchist's bomb.;Spiro T. Agnew;politics
They say women talk too much. If you have worked in Congress you know that the filibuster was invented by men.;Clare Boothe Luce;politics
When governments become large, voters cannot exercise close oversight, otherwise known as political power.;Maggie Gallagher;politics
Voting is a civic sacrament.;Theodore Hesburgh;politics
In a democracy, dissent is an act of faith.;J. William Fulbright;politics
I was a woman in a man's world. I was a Democrat in a Republican administration. I was an intellectual in a world of bureaucrats. I talked differently. This may have made me a bit like an ink blot.;Jeane Kirkpatrick;politics
Their very conservatism is secondhand, and they don't know what they are conserving.;Robertson Davies;politics
