We need to dig deep and give people a reason to be optimistic just as Obama is doing in America. Because in the same way that outcome of the U.S. elections will change the course of events there and around the world, so too do politics here in Britain.;Lucy Powell;politics
Being out and about talking to residents and representing their views is, in my view, as important to politics as the grandstanding that takes place in Westminster.;Lucy Powell;politics
Economics, politics, and personalities are often inseparable.;Charles Edison;politics
Unfortunately the global warming hysteria, as I see it, is driven by politics more than by science.;Freeman Dyson;politics
Politics is show business for ugly people.;Paul Begala;politics
Religion has to stay in the heart, not in politics. It is private.;Tahar Ben Jelloun;politics
I'm not going to talk like I know about politics, because I'm a total amateur, but maybe I can be a spokesperson for people who aren't normally interested in politics.;Bjork;politics
But I'm not interested in politics. I lose interest the microsecond it ceases to be emotional, when something becomes a political movement. What I'm interested in is emotions.;Bjork;politics
Politics is a highly tribal business.;Nick Clegg;politics
You have a political and media elite who have an idiom by which they describe politics. It's highly, highly polarised. It's right, left, red, blue, up, down, victorious, crushed.;Nick Clegg;politics
I didn't become leader to transform the Liberal Democrats into an enlarged form of the Electoral Reform Society. It's not the be all and end all for us. There are other very, very key ambitions in politics, not least social mobility and life chances, that I care about as passionately if not more.;Nick Clegg;politics
I have got instincts that, I think, are very much in tune with people's very keen sense to see something different. I did not dream of being in politics since I was knee-high to a grasshopper. I was not involved in student politics, or not in that partisan way.;Nick Clegg;politics
What I hope is in five years' time, I can go to the British people in the election and say: Lots of you doubted that coalition politics worked, but it has worked.;Nick Clegg;politics
The British political system and the whole clapped out Westminster architecture, and the language that we use about politics, it's completely unsustainable. You either decide to be part of that transition to do something different. Or you cling to old certainties.;Nick Clegg;politics
Politics and power is a realm of relative influence.;Fareed Zakaria;politics
I don't get involved in record label politics.;Leona Lewis;politics
At the end of the day, money is just a proxy for votes. That is what makes politics so vulnerable to social media.;Sean Parker;politics
Politics makes me sick.;William Howard Taft;politics
I do not know much about politics, but I am trying to do the best I can with this administration until the time shall come for me to turn it over to somebody else.;William Howard Taft;politics
I try not to tune in to politics until it's two or three months before the election. Till then, it's like watching preseason football.;Trey Parker;politics
I don't feel, finally, that my politics are entirely determined by the fact that I'm a gay man.;Tony Kushner;politics
Artists know that diligence counts as much, if not more, as inspiration in art, as in politics, patience counts as much as revolution.;Tony Kushner;politics
No matter where I go - London, Beirut, Jerusalem, Washington, Beijing, or Bangalore - I'm always looking to rediscover that land of ten thousand lakes where politics actually worked to make people's lives better, not pull them apart.;Thomas Friedman;politics
People who build family businesses are not classically trained. They have to deal with an enormous amount of politics. You think corporate politics are tough? Go work for your dad or your mom.;Gary Vaynerchuk;politics
Human nature doesn't include all human beings. There are human beings who are indifferent to politics, religion, virtually anything.;Conor Cruise O'Brien;politics
To balance China, the democracies will need new friends - and India with its fast-growing economy, youthful population, and democratic politics seems the obvious candidate.;David Frum;politics
Like art and politics, gangsterism is a very important avenue of assimilation into society.;E. L. Doctorow;politics
I'm an independent. I'm a centrist. A new generation is arriving that has grown up with a multiplicity of choice in every aspect of their lives, and yet politics is the last place that they are told that they should be satisfied with a choice between brand A and brand B. It doesn't fit the way they think. It doesn't fit the way they live.;John Avlon;politics
I don't miss politics.;Jeb Bush;politics
The idea that religion and politics don't mix was invented by the Devil to keep Christians from running their own country.;Jerry Falwell;politics
People, not just reporters, are more interested in politics than in government, so the actual issues wouldn't be something that interested them.;Calvin Trillin;politics
No one wants to hear my perspective on politics, but I think honestly as you get older, you get more interested in it.;Danica Patrick;politics
Would that the simple maxim, that honesty is the best policy, might be laid to heart that a sense of the true aim of life might elevate the tone of politics and trade till public and private honor become identical.;Margaret Fuller;politics
My passion for ideas is not matched with a passion for partisan or electoral politics.;Jack Kemp;politics
Pro football gave me a good sense of perspective to enter politics: I'd already been booed, cheered, cut, sold, traded and hung in effigy.;Jack Kemp;politics
There are a lot of grotesqueries in politics, not the least of which is the fund-raising side.;Jack Kemp;politics
Clinton and Obama practice this politics known quaintly as the Richard Speck strategy: if you cannot take on everyone in the room at once, take them out of the room one at a time.;Grover Norquist;politics
Although as a sailor I despised politics - for I loved my sailor's life and still love it today - conditions forced me to take up a definite attitude towards political problems.;Fritz Sauckel;politics
Please don't ask me any questions about the politics of 30 years ago.;Helen Reddy;politics
In politics a capable ruler must be guided by circumstances, conjectures and conjunctions.;Catherine the Great;politics
It's very personal in its politics, very bitter and very negative.;John Bolton;politics
Somehow we can't live outside the politics of race. There's something very deep in all of us, that is taught to us when we are very, very little. Which is the disrespect and fear of the other.;Anna Deavere Smith;politics
Talk of citizenship today is often thin and tinny. The word has a faintly old-fashioned feel to it when used in everyday conversation. When evoked in national politics, it's usually accompanied by the shrill whine of a descending culture-war mortar.;Eric Liu;politics
Sometimes when I listen to fellow progressives, I wonder if the only lesson we took away from the '04 elections is that politics is a word game.;Eric Liu;politics
In almost every country there are elements of opinion which would welcome such a conclusion because they wish to return to the politics of the balance of power, unrestricted and unregulated armaments, international anarchy, and preparation for war.;Arthur Henderson;politics
On the contrary, the characteristic element of the present situation is that economic questions have finally and irrevocably invaded the domain of public life and politics.;Arthur Henderson;politics
But I think it's quite clear in my work that my orientation isn't political or doesn't come out of modern politics.;Jane Campion;politics
You will find in politics that you are much exposed to the attribution of false motive. Never complain and never explain.;Stanley Baldwin;politics
And humility in politics means accepting that one party doesn't have all the answers recognising that working in partnership is progress not treachery.;Vince Cable;politics
My college, Fitzwilliam, was pretty good but unfashionable and I lived in digs so I was not part of the cloistered 'old college' environment, which frankly was a bit intimidating. But I worked hard and settled in by exploring politics and girls.;Vince Cable;politics
I hate injustice, and I can't help but speak against it. But I don't want to get involved in politics.;Serj Tankian;politics
I get asked a lot about getting into politics. I say, 'Take a look at politics. You tell me what seems appealing about that.';George Clooney;politics
Politics has become unbelievably and unfortunately way too much about how much money is involved rather than what kind of ideas are involved.;Mike Huckabee;politics
Arkansas is a state where politics is retail.;Mike Huckabee;politics
Well, for me the pro-life issue has been something I've been very passionate about since the '70s, and I have been very involved in the pro-life community since long before politics.;Mike Huckabee;politics
Regardless of Bill Clinton's politics or personal life, he grew up in obscurity and was elected to the presidency - twice. Don't take that away from him, because then you take it away from every other kid in America sitting out there in a school bus with a big dream.;Mike Huckabee;politics
Local politics, like everything else, are not what they used to be. But the fact is that our political system - like our physical existence - still breaks down along geographical lines.;Eric Alterman;politics
I can't see why anyone would want to be in politics because you get so much criticism.;David Walliams;politics
Politics is a lot of serendipity. You're in the right place and the right time and you've got the right message, and it either connects for you or, or it doesn't.;Jon Huntsman, Jr.;politics
I'm not involved in the politics of religion, but I love what the message is.;Jane Seymour;politics
Anyone who seeks to be involved in politics should join hands with America.;Muqtada al Sadr;politics
In the world of energy politics, the sudden vanishing of the word 'coal' is a remarkable and unprecedented event.;Jeff Goodell;politics
Bloomberg is famously impatient with beltway politics and believes that to get anything done you need to work from the ground up.;Jeff Goodell;politics
I'm not really involved with politics... I'm living in my cocoon with my classical music around.;Eva Green;politics
On the one hand, the financial projection is on the agenda - we will see if this problem can be resolved or not. I think it is a right idea to stage a special summit, which would deal with the question of priorities of European politics.;Angela Merkel;politics
That is why everyone in politics, and we do it, must make sure that they do not depend on one single interest group. A good compromise is one where everybody makes a contribution.;Angela Merkel;politics
Thus, the focus on this main political goal must become more visible in EU politics and to achieve this, we need a political impulse. It must be clear what the priorities on the agenda are.;Angela Merkel;politics
Whoever decides to dedicate their life to politics knows that earning money isn't the top priority.;Angela Merkel;politics
It's such a beautiful sport, with no politics involved, no color, no class. Only as a youngster can you play and as a pro can you win. The game has kept me young, involved and excited and for me to be up here with gems of baseball.;Jack Buck;politics
I've never worked in politics, never been a member of an official committee or a political party.;Naguib Mahfouz;politics
We're in an illusion about what our role is in world politics and foreign affairs, and our policies are killing and destroying and doing a lot of things that we are not aware of.;Talib Kweli;politics
Music is what I must do, business is what I need to do and politics is what I have to do.;Bob Geldof;politics
I was really lucky that I came to puberty at a time when music and politics were completely intertwined.;Bob Geldof;politics
Of course there are regrets. I shall regret always that I found my own authentic voice in politics. I was too conservative, too conventional. Too safe, too often. Too defensive. Too reactive. Later, too often on the back foot.;John Major;politics
The sight of allegedly sophisticated politicians parroting complete tripe trivialises and demeans government and it has to be stopped. It's played a significant part in public disillusionment with politics and has led to the absurd situation where more people vote for 'Strictly Come Dancing' than voted in the general election.;John Major;politics
Yeah, exactly, you can talk about politics in music, you can talk about something else, but that's always going to change, and love is never going to change.;Enrique Iglesias;politics
I care about politics just like any other citizen. I'm against the war in Iraq, or any type of war.;Enrique Iglesias;politics
The only thing I have no control over is the politics that goes on within the record company. It's always been the same, but it's far tougher now, because record companies are run by financial people before, they were run by creative people.;Enrique Iglesias;politics
Politics is much too serious to be taken too seriously equally, there are many aspects of it so laughable as to be lamentable.;Charles Kennedy;politics
Politics is the enemy of the imagination.;Ian Mcewan;politics
London in the '70s was a pretty catastrophic dump, I can tell you. We had every kind of industrial trouble we had severe energy problems we were under constant terrorist attack from Irish terrorist groups who started a bombing campaign in English cities politics were fantastically polarized between left and right.;Ian Mcewan;politics
The journey for women, no matter what venue it is - politics, business, film - it's, it's a long journey.;Kathryn Bigelow;politics
My politics are of a practical kind - the integrity of the country, the supremacy of the Federal government, an honorable peace, or none at all.;Winfield Scott Hancock;politics
I understand the damage the expenses crisis has done to Parliament, and the paramount importance of restoring trust in our politics.;George Osborne;politics
Nothing is irreparable in politics.;Jean Anouilh;politics
In argument, truth always prevails finally in politics, falsehood always.;Walter Savage Landor;politics
I hate politics. I like to write about it, but to get involved in it, to try and make a lot of ignorant people do what you want them to do, waste of time. Go and write a book. It's more important and it'll last longer.;Wilbur Smith;politics
There will be no politics, no ifs and buts if we see something and feel that work needs to be done, we will get people here we can rely on and ensure it is done in the same thorough way as our other projects.;Ian Botham;politics
I don't take a great deal of interest in party politics. Social politics interests me a great deal more.;Robert Carlyle;politics
America wants solutions. America wants a leader. No more tabloid politics.;Alveda King;politics
Growing up, politics never trickled down to the areas we come from. But people from Obama's camp, and Obama himself, reached out to me and asked for my help on the campaign. We've sat and had dinner, and we've spoken on the phone. He's a very sharp guy. Very charming. Very cool.;Jay-Z;politics
If you want to know about my politics, the only way to do that is to look at my work.;Tommy Lee Jones;politics
I have a lot of nice Italian winter clothes that make me look like a sophisticated Lebanese professor, so my friend Robert and I go around pretending to be experts in Arabic politics. It doesn't work in the summer though. I don't have the right clothes.;Alexei Sayle;politics
People feel politics isn't about their lives.;David Miliband;politics
Good politics starts with empathy, proceeds to analysis, then sets out values and establishes the vision, before getting to the nitty-gritty of policy solutions.;David Miliband;politics
Everything about my politics has been about the future.;David Miliband;politics
I've committed myself to serve my constituents in South Shields and I have committed myself to British politics.;David Miliband;politics
You have to believe that it's through politics that societies can lead social and economic and political change.;David Miliband;politics
My advice is very simple: if you can win a small battle, it gives you confidence in the political process to take on bigger battles, and so it is very much a bottom-up grass-roots way of doing politics.;David Miliband;politics
