Usually I do everything reverse. I practice something in movies and then I try it in real life.;John Cusack;movies
I don't want to produce anymore small or independent movies because it's just too hard these days.;John Cusack;movies
I was never into the popular school or clique or anything. Then I started doing movies when I was in high school, so then I got popular. Then the girls paid attention to you who didn't before.;John Cusack;movies
My dad had a commercial film company, so he had a videotape player before anyone. So he got Mel Brooks movies or Citizen Kane or some classic old movies. And every summer the revival house in Evanston would show the great films from the '50s and '60s and '70s.;John Cusack;movies
I think being self-referential is really narcissistic. Who's to say anybody's even thinking of you that much? But some of these movies that I've done, people still recite lines to me, even 20 years later.;John Cusack;movies
It's like those high-school yearbook photos that everyone would rather not see: Oh my God, look at that mullet hair. I have those photos too, but for me, they're, like, entire movies. And they show them on cable.;John Cusack;movies
Most movies, once the action starts there's no more characters. You say a couple of dumb lines and then there's just explosions until the end.;John Cusack;movies
Being alone is scarier than any boogey man and the reason why I don't choose to see Horror movies as a rule.;Tom Sizemore;movies
You go back to those films of the '40s and '50s and hear the dialogue, the way the people played off each other - the wordplay. I think we've really lost that in movies.;Clive Owen;movies
I go off and make movies I come home, and I'm a dad and I hang with my girls.;Clive Owen;movies
The financial implode is bound to be reflected in the movies that are being made, there's no question.;Clive Owen;movies
A huge part of acting in movies is appetite. You do your best work when you've got a lot of appetite and you really want to embrace something. When you get tired, you don't have that hunger.;Clive Owen;movies
Obviously, I'm attracted to heavier movies.;Clive Owen;movies
I want to be in movies that stand the test of time.;Clive Owen;movies
Ultimately, to have a career in movies, to a certain extent, certainly in England, you can't sustain a career in just English movies.;Clive Owen;movies
A lot of times you get credit for stuff in your movies you didn't intend to be there.;Spike Lee;movies
In the Rodgers and Hammerstein generation, popular hits came out of shows and movies.;Stephen Sondheim;movies
You're creating new things in movies and people are going to steal them.;Daniel Craig;movies
When you're making movies you've got to get obsessive.;Daniel Craig;movies
I guess you could say I've been in my share of violent movies.;Daniel Craig;movies
I was sick and tired of being an English actor who did a lot of American movies because I was cheap and good.;Daniel Craig;movies
I always wanted to make movies.;Daniel Craig;movies
If I wanted to make spy movies for the rest of my life, that would be one thing, but I don't want to just make spy movies.;Daniel Craig;movies
Some people think literature is high culture and that it should only have a small readership. I don't think so... I have to compete with popular culture, including TV, magazines, movies and video games.;Haruki Murakami;movies
It's the contemporary woman that movies don't know what to do with, other than bathe her in a bridal glow in romantic comedies where both the romance and the comedy are artificial sweeteners.;James Wolcott;movies
People talk about mumblecore but I prefer bumblecore, hyper-realistic bee movies about how bees really are.;Mindy Kaling;movies
I have a great job writing for 'The Office,' but, really, all television writers do is dream of one day writing movies. I'll put it this way: At the Oscars the most famous person in the room is, like, Angelina Jolie. At the Emmys the huge exciting celebrity is Bethenny Frankel. You get what I mean.;Mindy Kaling;movies
Woody Allen is really the ultimate. I love that he believed in himself enough to do what he did. And I have that same feeling - that there's nobody that looks like me in movies, nobody would cast me as a romantic lead, but I want to do it and I feel confident that I can.;Mindy Kaling;movies
I think these movies are as much for people of that time as for people who weren't born. For people who weren't born, they see how leaders must act under a crisis situation, not trying to be re-elected or not trying to check polls, that they go from their gut check.;Kevin Costner;movies
I'm not a film buff. I don't watch a lot of movies.;Denzel Washington;movies
Growing up I didn't watch movies.;Denzel Washington;movies
It's simple: You get a part. You play a part. You play it well. You do your work and you go home. And what is wonderful about movies is that once they're done, they belong to the people. Once you make it, it's what they see. That's where my head is at.;Denzel Washington;movies
I tend to think of action movies as exuberant morality plays in which good triumphs over evil.;Sylvester Stallone;movies
I made some truly awful movies. 'Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot' was the worst. If you ever want someone to confess to murder just make him or her sit through that film. They will confess to anything after 15 minutes.;Sylvester Stallone;movies
Now, if you are like me - if you are like practically anybody in America - then you probably hold some negative opinions about the French, based upon movies, rumors, recent headlines, unfortunate run-ins with Parisian waiters, or... you know... all that unpleasantness surrounding the Vichy regime.;Elizabeth Gilbert;movies
Movies were never an art form, they were entertainment. It just evolved into an art form from there, and it's still evolving in different ways.;David Mamet;movies
I'm not impressed by someone's degree... I'm impressed by them making movies.;Richard King;movies
I love horror, I love scary movies, I love thrillers. If things creep you out and spook you? I love it.;Lana Parrilla;movies
Although charismatic, James Dean is no Harrison Ford. In the majority of his movies, sooner or later he got the crap beaten out of him.;Dean Koontz;movies
I think we're very complicated and we're capable of all kinds of things, and movies don't reflect that.;Ryan Gosling;movies
I think it's more interesting to see people who don't feel appropriately. I relate to that, because sometimes I don't feel anything at all for things I'm supposed to, and other times I feel too much. It's not always like it is in the movies.;Ryan Gosling;movies
A lot of action movies today seem to have scenes that just lead up to the action.;Jason Statham;movies
How many movies do you see when you can say this director really knew what film he wanted to make? I can count them on the fingers of one hand.;Gary Oldman;movies
I have three kids who like Harry Potter so I was sort of aware of it. You can't really move from it: it's on buses, in stores, it's everywhere. One of my kids has read the books the other two are too small but they like the movies.;Gary Oldman;movies
The movies I watch and the music I listen to and the books I read - those are important to me. It's very important to me, and I don't know what I would do without those things.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;movies
We can now have action movies with two stars where one might be African American and one might be Asian American. One of them doesn't have to be white, and the other one doesn't have to be the ethnic sidekick. We're way over that. And I think it's happening in society, too.;Roger Ebert;movies
I just knew that was what I wanted to do. I was going to perform as a singer I was going to perform as a dancer, and I was, you know, going to do movies and be an actress. I was going to do it or die trying. That's what my life was.;Jennifer Lopez;movies
I feel I want to grow as an actress and be better. I want to progress as a singer and songwriter, and produce movies and everything. So there'll be no time when I feel I've done it all.;Jennifer Lopez;movies
No, but way before that, I've been doing little dances in movies for years. Yeah, that was an amazing chance. You know, at my age to be able to do a music dance video, very unusual.;Christopher Walken;movies
I've made movies that we're very successful that we're a complete surprise, and I've made movies that I thought we're going to be very successful that, you know.;Christopher Walken;movies
My favorite characters are the ones that are the most successful movies.;Christopher Walken;movies
I think that if I had grown up and had been in show business and the movies twenty five, thirty years earlier, I think I would have made a lot more musical movies.;Christopher Walken;movies
I've made three musical movies which is pretty good considering that not many are made but I was lucky in other ways. I came along when independent movies were starting to boom.;Christopher Walken;movies
When videotape came so a lot of movies that I do have a kind of afterlife in video. Things where movies that I do would come and go they still come and go but you can go rent them and see them on TV.;Christopher Walken;movies
I think if you do something effectively whether you're the lover or the comic or the action guy or the villain like I play movies are very expensive to make. Chances are you'll get asked to play that part again.;Christopher Walken;movies
I have been in movies that I thought I wasn't very good in.;Christopher Walken;movies
I make movies that nobody will see. I've made movies that even I have never seen.;Christopher Walken;movies
I used to be prettier than I am, but I think I look better now. I was a pretty boy. Particularly in my early movies. I don't like looking at them so much. There's a sort of pretty thing about me.;Christopher Walken;movies
I've made movies that I thought were good. I've made movies that I thought were okay, but then I was very good. And sometimes you're in a movie and you think, I wish more people saw that - because you're good. And it just works out that the movie gets lost. But that's show business.;Christopher Walken;movies
I aim for a lifetime full of movies.;Salma Hayek;movies
I don't know why I don't watch a lot of movies I can barely keep up with the things my friends are in. There isn't enough time in life.;Meryl Streep;movies
It was like in Samoa when they'd put up a movie screen on the beach and show movies and the locals would run behind the sheet to see where the people went. It was pretty grim.;Dick Wolf;movies
And being as I'm somebody who loves movies like The Machinist, I also love going along to big mass entertainment movies. I get in the mood for all kinds of movies, and so I like to try each of them.;Christian Bale;movies
In terms of the romantic kind of lead, I just never enjoy those movies very much. Maybe they'll come to interest me more as I get older. I doubt it, but maybe. Romantic comedies tend to be, for me, an oxymoron.;Christian Bale;movies
There are movies that require fantasy and slightly more fantastical acting. Lines that are good for certain movies, in real life circumstances, would be absolutely unbelievable things to really say, and you would look at these people like they're freaks for conversing that way. But somehow for certain styles of movies, it works, and it seems fine.;Christian Bale;movies
I like the idea of movies having a magic element. How many times have you seen an actor in a movie who you know only as the character? It's wonderful, isn't it?;Christian Bale;movies
I don't get it when you get so much openness about the way movies are made, and the special effects and the behind-the-scenes stuff and all of that. I can't help but feel like this reduces it a little bit.;Christian Bale;movies
I always leave that for other people to decide, because some of the things I consider to be disasters are some people's favorite movies. And that's what I like so much, is that you never know. Something intrigues somebody and means nothing to somebody else.;Christian Bale;movies
I'm so grateful for what Disney gave me and the experiences that I got, but at the end of the day, I can do so much more than what I did on that channel and in those movies.;Ashley Tisdale;movies
I can't watch scary movies right now, because living on my own, it kind of freaks me out.;Ashley Tisdale;movies
Where I live, nobody who's fourteen is having sex and doing major drugs. And I think if you see it in the movies, you may be influenced by it. I think it's so important to preserve your innocence.;Natalie Portman;movies
There are movies where we are interested in seeing people's lives without agreeing with what they're doing.;Natalie Portman;movies
I tend to make low-budget movies but, yeah, I make more money than I ever thought I would make.;Laura Linney;movies
The best movies have one sentence that they're exploring, a thesis, something that people can argue about over dinner afterward.;Helen Hunt;movies
Being the son of a filmmaker, you are aware of a career as a director. You don't think of it as just movies, but as a life.;Jason Reitman;movies
I want my movies to be audience experiences. As much as I like Michael Haneke, I'm not going to make a Haneke film. That's just not in my DNA.;Jason Reitman;movies
There are only so many movies you can direct. And yet there are movies that I want to make sure make it to the screen in as honest a way as possible.;Jason Reitman;movies
I'm trying to figure myself out through my movies. Whether it's big stuff like what we're doing here, or little stuff like, 'Why aren't I happier?' With every film I feel like I'm apologising for something. I feel I'm most successful when I'm looking for something that embarrasses me about my character that I'd like to expose.;Jason Reitman;movies
There certainly is no secret in that there are plenty of people who don't like plenty of my movies. Each one of my films is personal each one of my films is emotionally autobiographical. And I like directors who do that. With each one of my films, I'm exploring one of my own issues and I try to expose myself a little in the film.;Jason Reitman;movies
I hate movies that tell people what to think. I'm proud that Democrats thought 'Thank You For Smoking' was their film and Republicans thought it was theirs. I'm proud that pro-choice people thought 'Juno' was their film and pro-life people thought it was theirs.;Jason Reitman;movies
I'm not going to have a perfect career. It's better to be Billy Wilder and make lots of movies and have five or six great ones than to make so few movies that when you make a bad one it crushes you.;Jason Reitman;movies
As far as writing, I like watching bad movies. Nothing stops me in my tracks more than watching a great film like 'The Godfather' or 'Dog Day Afternoon' or 'The Graduate.' You watch one of those, and you never want to write again. Whereas with bad movies, it makes you think, If that counts, I certainly could write.;Jason Reitman;movies
I think romance is a tool, comedy is a tool and drama is a tool. I really just want to tell stories that challenge the viewer, move people, make you laugh, perhaps push an idea about being open-minded but never settle on a genre or an opinion. I hate genre. I like movies that are original in their approach.;Jason Reitman;movies
I hear the way people talk about the children of famous people. They're not treated very well. The presumptions are usually quite awful. So I tried to establish myself with a couple of movies. After 'Juno' I thought: 'I think I've defined myself enough as my own director that I'd love to work with my father.';Jason Reitman;movies
I'm not Michael Moore. I think Michael Moore wants to tell you how to think. He wants to give you answers. I make movies to raise my own personal questions and not to give answers.;Jason Reitman;movies
Well, Toronto, I consider to be the birthplace of my films. I've made three films and this is the third one to premiere here in the same theater on the same day at the same time - they are my audience. They're the people that I think about while I'm writing, directing, and editing. I specifically make movies for them.;Jason Reitman;movies
I work constantly but I work at a lot of different things. You know, I run a theater company in New York, I direct plays, act in plays, in movies, so I try to keep it eclectic.;Philip Seymour Hoffman;movies
There are characters in movies who I call 'film characters.' They don't exist in real life. They exist to play out a scenario. They can be in fantastic films, but they are not real characters what happens to them is not lifelike.;Philip Seymour Hoffman;movies
People used to be funny about approaching me, but now they seem to think I'm as sane as anyone who's done what I've done in movies can be.;Philip Seymour Hoffman;movies
You have to understand that crew members make movies so they're seeing a lot of actors all the time in their career acting.;Philip Seymour Hoffman;movies
What I like to do is just make good music, good movies, hopefully perform a good show full of energy and just have some fun.;LL Cool J;movies
I don't wanna abandon my identity as LL Cool J, but at the same time, I had to figure out how to let people know that I'm really serious about making these movies.;LL Cool J;movies
The person that made me want to make movies, and the reason I do films, is Bruce Lee. He was an incredible actor, and he had a lot of charisma. Handsome, action, you know, everything was there. I loved Bruce Lee.;LL Cool J;movies
I play Xbox. I have a little boy to look after. I have dogs. You know, I have things to do. I would love to be able to sit down and watch something like a movie. I watch my own movies because I have to.;Tom Hardy;movies
I've turned down twentysomething million dollars for movies.;Vin Diesel;movies
You make movies for the people. If critics happen to like them too, well, that's a home run.;Vin Diesel;movies
When you go to the movies with your whole family, it's a different experience. For some reason, it's something that you're all doing together and you take away something special in that.;Vin Diesel;movies
But then I go through long periods where I don't listen to things, usually when I'm working. In between the records and in between the writing I suck up books and music and movies and anything I can find.;Bruce Springsteen;movies
I remember looking through magazines or watching movies even just a couple of years ago and being like, 'I really want to be part of that,' but not realizing what that was.;Leighton Meester;movies
