The quickest way of ending a war is to lose it.;George Orwell;war
War is war. The only good human being is a dead one.;George Orwell;war
Happiness is a byproduct of function, purpose, and conflict those who seek happiness for itself seek victory without war.;William S. Burroughs;war
In war there is no prize for runner-up.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;war
The essential act of war is destruction, not necessarily of human lives, but of the products of human labor.;George Orwell;war
Character... is a habit, the daily choice of right over wrong it is a moral quality which grows to maturity in peace and is not suddenly developed on the outbreak of war.;Charles Wilson;war
No matter what you think about the Iraq war, there is one thing we can all agree on for the next days - we have to salute the courage and bravery of those who are risking their lives to vote and those brave Iraqi and American soldiers fighting to protect their right to vote.;Hillary Clinton;war
I find capitalism repugnant. It is filthy, it is gross, it is alienating... because it causes war, hypocrisy and competition.;Fidel Castro;war
War is evil, but it is often the lesser evil.;George Orwell;war
Those wars are unjust which are undertaken without provocation. For only a war waged for revenge or defense can be just.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;war
The sinews of war are infinite money.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;war
Love has its place, as does hate. Peace has its place, as does war. Mercy has its place, as do cruelty and revenge.;Meir Kahane;war
What this country needs what every country needs occasionally is a good hard bloody war to revive the vice of patriotism on which its existence as a nation depends.;Ambrose Bierce;war
You can't make war in the Middle East without Egypt and you can't make peace without Syria.;Henry A. Kissinger;war
Laws are silent in time of war.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;war
War may sometimes be a necessary evil. But no matter how necessary, it is always an evil, never a good. We will not learn how to live together in peace by killing each other's children.;Jimmy Carter;war
Business is a combination of war and sport.;Andre Maurois;war
Establishing lasting peace is the work of education all politics can do is keep us out of war.;Maria Montessori;war
Experience has shown how deeply the seeds of war are planted by economic rivalry and social injustice.;Harry S. Truman;war
War settles nothing.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;war
Empathy is really the opposite of spiritual meanness. It's the capacity to understand that every war is both won and lost. And that someone else's pain is as meaningful as your own.;Barbara Kingsolver;war
A man who says that no patriot should attack the war until it is over... is saying no good son should warn his mother of a cliff until she has fallen.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;war
War is so unjust and ugly that all who wage it must try to stifle the voice of conscience within themselves.;Leo Tolstoy;war
A professional soldier understands that war means killing people, war means maiming people, war means families left without fathers and mothers.;Norman Schwarzkopf;war
The only excuse for war is that we may live in peace unharmed.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;war
A time will come when a politician who has willfully made war and promoted international dissension will be as sure of the dock and much surer of the noose than a private homicide. It is not reasonable that those who gamble with men's lives should not stake their own.;H. G. Wells;war
The only defensible war is a war of defense.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;war
One cannot wage war under present conditions without the support of public opinion, which is tremendously molded by the press and other forms of propaganda.;Douglas MacArthur;war
I venture to say no war can be long carried on against the will of the people.;Edmund Burke;war
The real war will never get in the books.;Walt Whitman;war
War has rules, mud wrestling has rules - politics has no rules.;Ross Perot;war
What a cruel thing war is... to fill our hearts with hatred instead of love for our neighbors.;Robert E. Lee;war
All those who seek to destroy the liberties of a democratic nation ought to know that war is the surest and shortest means to accomplish it.;Alexis de Tocqueville;war
In time of war the laws are silent.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;war
Brainy folks were also present in Lyndon Johnson's administration, especially in the Pentagon, where Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara's brilliant 'whiz kids' tried to micro-manage the Vietnam war, with disastrous results.;Thomas Sowell;war
War should only be declared by the authority of the people, whose toils and treasures are to support its burdens, instead of the government which is to reap its fruits.;James Madison;war
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.;Douglas MacArthur;war
This war is not about slavery.;Robert E. Lee;war
Every war results from the struggle for markets and spheres of influence, and every war is sold to the public by professional liars and totally sincere religious maniacs, as a Holy Crusade to save God and Goodness from Satan and Evil.;Robert Anton Wilson;war
In war there is no substitute for victory.;Douglas MacArthur;war
War is never a solution it is an aggravation.;Benjamin Disraeli;war
Circumstances cause us to act the way we do. We should always bear this in mind before judging the actions of others. I realized this from the start during World War II.;Thor Heyerdahl;war
Our country is now geared to an arms economy bred in an artificially induced psychosis of war hysteria and an incessant propaganda of fear.;Douglas MacArthur;war
I have known war as few men now living know it. It's very destructiveness on both friend and foe has rendered it useless as a means of settling international disputes.;Douglas MacArthur;war
It is in war that the State really comes into its own: swelling in power, in number, in pride, in absolute dominion over the economy and the society.;Murray Rothbard;war
Either war is obsolete, or men are.;R. Buckminster Fuller;war
All oppression creates a state of war.;Simone de Beauvoir;war
Dalton's records, carefully preserved for a century, were destroyed during the World War II bombing of Manchester. It is not only the living who are killed in war.;Isaac Asimov;war
War on the other hand is such a terrible thing, that no man, especially a Christian man, has the right to assume the responsibility of starting it.;Leo Tolstoy;war
I just want you to know that, when we talk about war, we're really talking about peace.;George W. Bush;war
I could have ended the war in a month. I could have made North Vietnam look like a mud puddle.;Barry Goldwater;war
No protracted war can fail to endanger the freedom of a democratic country.;Alexis de Tocqueville;war
Fortune, which has a great deal of power in other matters but especially in war, can bring about great changes in a situation through very slight forces.;Julius Caesar;war
Every attempt to make war easy and safe will result in humiliation and disaster.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
There are two things which a democratic people will always find very difficult - to begin a war and to end it.;Alexis de Tocqueville;war
It is not only the living who are killed in war.;Isaac Asimov;war
Of all the enemies of public liberty, war is perhaps the most to be dreaded, because it comprises and develops the germ of every other.;James Madison;war
War should be the politics of last resort. And when we go to war, we should have a purpose that our people understand and support.;Colin Powell;war
Anyone who has ever looked into the glazed eyes of a soldier dying on the battlefield will think hard before starting a war.;Otto von Bismarck;war
Even philosophers will praise war as ennobling mankind, forgetting the Greek who said: 'War is bad in that it begets more evil than it kills.';Immanuel Kant;war
Basketball is like war in that offensive weapons are developed first, and it always takes a while for the defense to catch up.;Red Auerbach;war
We shall never be able to remove suspicion and fear as potential causes of war until communication is permitted to flow, free and open, across international boundaries.;Harry S. Truman;war
When we are sick, we want an uncommon doctor when we have a construction job to do, we want an uncommon engineer, and when we are at war, we want an uncommon general. It is only when we get into politics that we are satisfied with the common man.;Herbert Hoover;war
It is good that war is so horrible, or we might grow to like it.;Robert E. Lee;war
A state of war only serves as an excuse for domestic tyranny.;Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn;war
Let's face it - think of Africa, and the first images that come to mind are of war, poverty, famine and flies. How many of us really know anything at all about the truly great ancient African civilizations, which in their day, were just as splendid and glorious as any on the face of the earth?;Henry Louis Gates;war
The war... was an unnecessary condition of affairs, and might have been avoided if forebearance and wisdom had been practiced on both sides.;Robert E. Lee;war
Pearl Harbor caused our Nation to wholeheartedly commit to winning World War II, changing the course of our Nation's history and the world's future.;Joe Baca;war
A skilful leech is better far, than half a hundred men of war.;Samuel Butler;war
Total war is no longer war waged by all members of one national community against all those of another. It is total... because it may well involve the whole world.;Jean-Paul Sartre;war
No nation ever had an army large enough to guarantee it against attack in time of peace, or ensure it of victory in time of war.;Calvin Coolidge;war
The great thing about being a print journalist is that you are permitted to duck. Cameramen get killed while the writers are flat on the floor. A war correspondent for the BBC dedicated his memoir to 50 fallen colleagues, and I guarantee you they were all taking pictures. I am only alive because I am such a chicken.;P. J. O'Rourke;war
The sinews of art and literature, like those of war, are money.;Samuel Butler;war
There are historic situations in which refusal to defend the inheritance of a civilization, however imperfect, against tyranny and aggression may result in consequences even worse than war.;Reinhold Niebuhr;war
The course of this conflict is not known, yet its outcome is certain. Freedom and fear, justice and cruelty, have always been at war, and we know that God is not neutral between them.;George W. Bush;war
There are no absolute rules of conduct, either in peace or war. Everything depends on circumstances.;Leon Trotsky;war
The executive has no right, in any case, to decide the question, whether there is or is not cause for declaring war.;James Madison;war
Although a soldier by profession, I have never felt any sort of fondness for war, and I have never advocated it, except as a means of peace.;Ulysses S. Grant;war
The Cold War isn't thawing it is burning with a deadly heat. Communism isn't sleeping it is, as always, plotting, scheming, working, fighting.;Richard M. Nixon;war
To secure peace is to prepare for war.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
The tragedy of modern war is that the young men die fighting each other - instead of their real enemies back home in the capitals.;Edward Abbey;war
The war on drugs is wrong, both tactically and morally. It assumes that people are too stupid, too reckless, and too irresponsible to decide whether and under what conditions to consume drugs. The war on drugs is morally bankrupt.;Larry Elder;war
The Vietnam War required us to emphasize the national interest rather than abstract principles. What President Nixon and I tried to do was unnatural. And that is why we didn't make it.;Henry A. Kissinger;war
In our Country... one class of men makes war and leaves another to fight it out.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
We have always said that in our war with the Arabs we had a secret weapon - no alternative.;Golda Meir;war
War is a racket. It is the only one international in scope. It is the only one in which the profits are reckoned in dollars and the losses in lives.;Smedley Butler;war
Peace has its victories no less than war, but it doesn't have as many monuments to unveil.;Kin Hubbard;war
The deliberate and deadly attacks which were carried out yesterday against our country were more than acts of terror. They were acts of war.;George W. Bush;war
War is cruelty. There is no use trying to reform it. The crueler it is, the sooner it will be over.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
Be convinced that to be happy means to be free and that to be free means to be brave. Therefore do not take lightly the perils of war.;Thucydides;war
In war, you win or lose, live or die - and the difference is just an eyelash.;Douglas MacArthur;war
An honorable Peace is and always was my first wish! I can take no delight in the effusion of human Blood but, if this War should continue, I wish to have the most active part in it.;John Paul Jones;war
What charitable 1 percenters can't do is assume responsibility - America's national responsibilities: the care of its sick and its poor, the education of its young, the repair of its failing infrastructure, the repayment of its staggering war debts.;Stephen King;war
My attitude to peace is rather based on the Burmese definition of peace - it really means removing all the negative factors that destroy peace in this world. So peace does not mean just putting an end to violence or to war, but to all other factors that threaten peace, such as discrimination, such as inequality, poverty.;Aung San Suu Kyi;war
I worked night and day for twelve years to prevent the war, but I could not. The North was mad and blind, would not let us govern ourselves, and so the war came.;Jefferson Davis;war
Wanton killing of innocent civilians is terrorism, not a war against terrorism.;Noam Chomsky;war
It required a strong heart to stand up against such talk, but I urged my people to be quiet and not to begin a war.;Chief Joseph;war
My songs are my kids. Some of them stay with me, some others I have to send out, out to the war. It might sound stupid and it might even sound naive, but that's just the way it is.;Thom Yorke;war
The connection between dress and war is not far to seek your finest clothes are those you wear as soldiers.;Virginia Woolf;war
