I've always had a lot of respect from the people I respected.;Randy Newman;respect
I have enormous respect for Tom Daschle. The NRA has not yet taken a formal position on which I'm aware of on this matter, and I think Tom may be just getting a little ahead of things.;John Dingell;respect
The message of music was also the first thing what I learned from my first teacher. She was an organist too and she was very devoted to what she played, so she had a respect for every piece and she felt that she is not allowed to add something of her own.;Kurt Masur;respect
Since the composer has said everything, if you discover everything, it will be enough and you will be a happy man. Don't try to say it's your taste, and because of that you are changing this or that. And I must say this respect is still there.;Kurt Masur;respect
I wanted to be the kind of woman who would attract a certain kind of man that I could respect. That was my thinking. It had to do with the kind of couple I would be a part of.;Lisa Kudrow;respect
People are roasting each other at parties, at work events, around the fire. It's so fun. People are busting each other's chops, and it's a sign of affection, truly. It's a true test of love and friendship: can you make a man laugh at himself? So what makes a good burn? Go after targets you love and respect. And hit 'em hard.;Jeff Ross;respect
My father was an inspiration to me I made a few movies with him and I loved working with him. Everything about him - his whole approach to work, as well as his love, enthusiasm and respect for it and other people in the business - was inspiring. I was very lucky to have him as a role model.;Hayley Mills;respect
I have two dream roles: One would be a biopic of someone I admire and respect and the other one would be some sort of action drama film similar to a 'Bourne Identity.' I just really want to do an intelligent action drama film.;Michael Ealy;respect
When I started, you didn't make a lot of money by being a comedian. You didn't get a lot of respect.;David Steinberg;respect
We all would like to see a brighter future for Haiti, and I hope this conference will serve to explore many views. Respect for human rights, freedom, and the rule of law must be established in the poorest nation in our hemisphere.;Eliot Engel;respect
I would love to direct but I feel like directing is a whole separate craft and so I tend to respect it as a separate craft that I would need to study first. So, right now I'm still trying to do certain things as an actor and until I get bored of that or I feel completely fed by that then I'll move into directing.;Michael Ealy;respect
When about to commit a base deed, respect thyself, though there is no witness.;Ausonius;respect
The mandate I have received and for which I will speak with heart and head to implement over the next seven years had its four pillars - an inclusive citizenship, equality and participation and respect in a creative society creating an excellence in everything we Irish do.;Michael D. Higgins;respect
I have the most respect for Zach Woodlee. He is one of my favorite - and one of the most capable - choreographers out there right now.;Harry Shum, Jr.;respect
And the woman who could win the respect of man was often the woman who could knock him down with her bare fists and sit on him until he yelled for help.;Agnes Smedley;respect
I work on a TV show I love, I have the opportunity to do movies with actors I respect, and I'm in love with the man I want to spend the rest of my life with, who pushes me and excites me.;Ali Larter;respect
I expect that our associates will walk with a little more bounce in their step and understand that this company is behind them and has respect for them.;Lee Scott;respect
But the leaders of the OIC could not even accept Mahathir's proposal, yet they talk about respect and honour.;Abu Bakar Bashir;respect
Larry Kasdan has made some of my favorite movies of all time so just to be working with him was a pleasure. Now that I have, I not only respect his work but I just love and respect him as a person.;Timothy Olyphant;respect
Second, there are two problems with respect to mobile homes in particular. One is we obviously don't want to put them in a flood plain, because if there's another flood, you're going to lose the mobile home.;Michael Chertoff;respect
I wanted to be an actress. In college I was a serious feminist and very political. I was determined to get one thing out of my career and that was respect. I didn't want money. I didn't care about fame.;Christine Lahti;respect
I think that's what helped us: confidence, respect, the desire to work hard.;Ed O'Brien;respect
Back then, a half-a-century ago, the situation was totally different. Economically, we were practically on our knees, and politically, we were still excluded from the community of nations. Today, in this respect, we have a totally different and much more stable basis.;Franz Beckenbauer;respect
You respect all of these people that you know in the business as actors. And they sort of turn around and say, we really like your work. It's a nice acknowledgment.;Lucy Liu;respect
If anyone asks for your autograph they're showing you respect and give it back to them.;Johnny Rotton;respect
About the twenty-third year of my age, I had many fresh and heavenly openings, in respect to the care and providence of the Almighty over his creatures in general, and over man as the most noble amongst those which are visible.;John Woolman;respect
Science without respect for human life is degrading to us all and reflects a hollow and deceptive philosophy, a philosophy that we as a people should never condone.;Nathan Deal;respect
It's critical that the manager has the respect of players so he can make the moves that he feels is appropriate without having somebody go to the papers. They respect you. So you respect them back.;Dale Murphy;respect
If you live what you believe, you will always have the respect of others.;Dale Murphy;respect
The British were indeed very far superior to the Americans in every respect necessary to military operations, except the revivified courage and resolution, the result of sudden success after despair.;Mercy Otis Warren;respect
The other inmates stand in a long straight line, flanked by guards, and I am dragged past them. I do not respect them, because they will not run - will not try to escape.;Jack Henry Abbott;respect
We believe, in fact, that the one act of respect has little force unless matched by the other - in balance with it... The acting out of that dual respect I would name as precisely the source of our power.;Barbara Deming;respect
Cities all over the world are getting bigger as more and more people move from rural to urban sites, but that has created enormous problems with respect to environmental pollution and the general quality of life.;Alan Dundes;respect
America thinks of itself as a meritocracy, so people have more respect for success and more contempt for failure.;Toby Young;respect
The worst thing that an actor can do is go into any project with a lack of respect for the material. You can have an opinion about it, but you have to respect yourself in doing it.;Alfred Molina;respect
We never really felt a real level of respect. The fame was fantastic, but that wasn't that important to me, because for every million people that loved me I focused on the one that hated me.;Donnie Wahlberg;respect
I hate to say it, but the truth is that the upscale line is where I get respect as a designer. The higher the price range, the higher the respect level from the industry, even though it's much easier to make a great $500 dress than a great $100 dress.;Betsey Johnson;respect
Marks of Identity is, among other things, the expression of the process of alienation in a contemporary intellectual with respect to his own country.;Juan Goytisolo;respect
Ray had so much love of life and the music. He had so much integrity. He treated the music with so much dignity and respect. I spent four and a half years as a sideman with Ray Brown's trio. Music was his life, more so than anyone I could mention.;Benny Green;respect
Our second phase was to develop a school curriculum that teaches tolerance, respect for differences, conflict resolution, anger management, and other attributes of peace.;Eddie Bernice Johnson;respect
We were united not only by political respect for each other, but also by deep mutual sympathy as people.;Helmut Kohl;respect
Initially, it was the unpractical in fashion that brought me to design my own line. I felt that it was much more attractive to cut clothes with respect for the living, three-dimensional body rather than to cover the body with decorative ideas.;Jil Sander;respect
I think any period in history can be adapted into interesting fiction, as long as you approach the actual history with respect.;Seth Grahame-Smith;respect
Who could look on these monuments without reflecting on the vanity of mortals in thus offering up testimonials of their respect for persons of whose very names posterity is ignorant?;Marguerite Gardiner;respect
I respect newspapers, but the reality is that magazine 'photojournalism' is finished. They want illustrations, Photoshopped pictures of movie stars.;Mary Ellen Mark;respect
We never respect those who amuse us, however we may smile at their comic powers.;Marguerite Gardiner;respect
There are some people who become best friends with everyone they photograph. There are people that I really like and admire and respect, but in a way I think it's better to keep a distance. I think you get better pictures of people that you don't know very well.;Mary Ellen Mark;respect
You know, I respect what Howard Dean has been able to do. It's good for our party. But I've got to tell you this: If money alone decided presidential nominations, Phil Gramm would have been nominated in '96.;Joe Lieberman;respect
I just think Texas and that whole Bible Belt section is so, like, corporate. And I don't agree with organized religion in that respect.;Hunter Parrish;respect
With respect to Holy Communion, it is up to the communicant to decide whether they are in a state of grace and worthy to receive the Eucharist. Each one of us makes that decision.;Roger Mahony;respect
Nations are equal in respect to each other, and entitled to claim equal consideration for their rights, whatever may be their relative dimensions or strength or however greatly they may differ in government, religion or manners.;James Kent;respect
The intelligence failures with respect to Iraq were massive and have damaged our credibility around the world.;Carl Levin;respect
It's always flattering when somebody you really respect and like wants you to be involved in their project - let alone writes a part with your voice in mind.;Chris Messina;respect
This post of President is a Constitutional post. It is the duty of everyone, all citizens to see that they respect the post... the institution of President.;Pratibha Patil;respect
As an actor, you just want to work, and then you just want to be on a show or have a job that you love, and you hope that job will last - those things have happened. To have that platform to then talk about something that is very personal to me like marriage equality, it feels like a gift. I try and really respect that voice and not abuse it.;Jesse Tyler Ferguson;respect
When it comes to the president, we have to respect him, we have to protect him, and we have to correct him. And in my career, since he'd been on the national stage at least, I've had - I've always respected the president.;Tavis Smiley;respect
I don't believe in God personally but I have great respect for those people who do and different people have different religious views in this country.;Ed Miliband;respect
That is a Medieval way of drawing history, in which they do not respect the law and want the rest of the world to respect the law. That's not possible.;Emir Kusturica;respect
You can find academic and industrial groups doing some relevant work, but there isn't a focus on building complex molecular systems. In that respect, Japan is first, Europe is second, and we're third.;K. Eric Drexler;respect
Most teachers still say they love teaching though they wouldn't mind a little more respect for their challenging work and a little less blame for America's educational shortcomings.;Arne Duncan;respect
All respect for the office of the presidency aside, I assumed that the obvious and unadulterated decline of freedom and constitutional sovereignty, not to mention the efforts to curb the power of judicial review, spoke for itself.;Ruth Bader Ginsburg;respect
We sincerely hope that south Asian countries will respect and live in amity with each other, and achieve common development, and that south Asia will enjoy peace, stability and prosperity.;Li Peng;respect
Another important aspect of our home was respect for ideas.;Robert B. Laughlin;respect
Over the course of time this gave us a deep respect for ideas, both our own and those of others, and an understanding that conflict through debate is a powerful means of revealing truth.;Robert B. Laughlin;respect
In parallel with the development of my interests in technical gadgetry I began to acquire a profound love of and respect for the natural world which motivates my scientific thinking to this day.;Robert B. Laughlin;respect
I just want the same thing Joe Montana got when he was MVP. He got respect. He got commercials. He got everything.;Jerry Rice;respect
I am very proud to come back, to speak on the disinterested effort we have made and I believe that, with all due respect, that the decisions we made, when we turned our final report over to President Johnson, will stand in history.;John Sherman Cooper;respect
I have women coming up to me and saying: 'I love your character! She's so empowered. She takes control she gets what she wants.' That's another side of her. And I respect that in Joan. She says and does things that I would never allow myself to do.;Christina Hendricks;respect
I got into acting because my teachers kept nudging me into it. The power a teacher has to influence someone is so great. I can't think of a profession I have more respect for.;Jon Hamm;respect
I do support enhanced interrogation techniques. Obviously their value is shining through with respect to the bin Laden killing.;Tim Pawlenty;respect
Out of respect to writers, you have to read the book in the way in which the author visualised it going out into the world.;Joanna Trollope;respect
I've got tremendous respect for different cultures, for the food and everything.;Ian Rush;respect
I don't need to go onto Facebook and pretend to have friends I've never even met. To my mind, that kind of destroys the meaning of the word 'friend.' I take exception to that. Because I value and respect friendship.;Stefanie Powers;respect
The actors I respect are the ones who see it as a career and manage to live reasonably normal lives, like Meryl Streep and Philip Seymour Hoffman.;Max Irons;respect
I received from my experience in Japan an incredible sense of respect for the art of creating, not just the creative product. We're all about the product. To me, the process was also an incredibly important aspect of the total form.;Julie Taymor;respect
My object will be, first, to show by what connections the history of the fossil bones of land animals is linked to the theory of the earth and why they have a particular importance in this respect.;Georges Cuvier;respect
I just have a respect for my audience. That seems to be pretty logical.;Thomas Jane;respect
I still collect comics. I still have a great love and respect for the genre.;Thomas Jane;respect
Once you take care of people, people respect you.;George Weah;respect
We're in such a volatile climate right now politically. I think they didn't want Assassins to not succeed due to popular opinion and politics, versus on its own merits. I can respect that.;Neil Patrick Harris;respect
Other times you can get showy for three minutes, and that's OK with certain films. But that isn't right with an Ang Lee movie, you have to fit right in. You have to understand Ang, respect him and be part of the team and not be in charge of it - he is in charge of it.;Dennis Muren;respect
Status anxiety definitely exists at a political level. Many Iraqis were annoyed with the US essentially for reasons of status: for not showing them respect, for humiliating them.;Alain de Botton;respect
We may seek a fortune for no greater reason than to secure the respect and attention of people who would otherwise look straight through us.;Alain de Botton;respect
If I despised myself, it would be no compensation if everyone saluted me, and if I respect myself, it does not trouble me if others hold me lightly.;Max Nordau;respect
Surely our inaction with respect to Syria is a poor precedent if we're fighting a war on terror.;Bill Kristol;respect
Advertising must respect the intelligence of its audience and if it does not prompt them to think, it will be instantly dismissed.;Maurice Saatchi;respect
Being popular comes when you have everything. But to be liked, it means that you must be treating people with respect and you must be showing kindness toward them.;Queen Rania of Jordan;respect
People ask me all the time, 'Are you fed up with reality TV?' At the end of the day, it can affect my career in the sense that the more reality shows there are, the less scripted dramas out there, but I can't ever really knock them. I started on 'Popstars,' which was a reality talent show. I have respect for them.;Josh Henderson;respect
For many, the hijab represents modesty, piety and devotion to God, and I truly respect that. But the hijab should not be used as a means of applying social pressure on people.;Queen Rania of Jordan;respect
I haven't seen a player in this game, as long as I've been in it, that can't be pitched to... Barry is an outstanding ballplayer. I respect him an awful lot. I also have confidence in my pitchers that they can pitch to Barry Bonds and get him out.;Frank Robinson;respect
I call on the international community to be fair to the Iraqi people. My position is that we respect international resolutions but in return demand justice and accountability for those who stole Iraq's money.;Ahmed Chalabi;respect
There's immense fun to be had as long as you can sort of sneak it past DC. I have been told on occasion that I need to have more respect for these characters.;Garth Ennis;respect
In the military I could exercise the power of being automatically respected because of the medals on my chest, not because I had done anything right at the moment to earn that respect. This is pretty nice. It's also a psychological trap that can stop one's growth and allow one to get away with just plain bad behavior.;Karl Marlantes;respect
We will work with industrial or Dept. Of Defence sponsorship as long as we keep our principals of openness firm we're proud to work with the military, and they respect that in turn.;Charles Vest;respect
Awaken its powers, and it will respect itself.;Francis Wright;respect
I don't expect to win every battle but I think Fred Pierce has enough respect for me that I can go fight my battles and win my share.;Roone Arledge;respect
I respect the game that goes on of putting this against that, but I don't respect, nor do I enjoy, an awful lot of the actual programs that go on the air.;Roone Arledge;respect
Marches alone won't bring integration when human respect is disintegratin';Barry McGuire;respect
Well, being that, at the house and being in the competition, it was very hard to be with family. We couldn't have visitors out of respect for everyone else there. But, being the American Idol, the focus would have been on me.;LaToya London;respect
