The smartest thing we can do to create high-wage jobs and grow our economy is to keep our focus on education.;Bill Richardson;education
Education enables people and societies to be what they can be.;Bill Richardson;education
We have been learning since we were children how to make money, buy things, build things. The whole education system is set up to teach us how to think, not to feel.;Yakov Smirnoff;education
No one bill will cure the problem of spam. It will take a combined effort of legislation, litigation, enforcement, customer education, and technology solutions.;David Baker;education
What you have in most education software is that they're catering to the decision-maker who makes the budget allocations, and that decision-maker has a lot of check boxes. Does it do this? Check. Does it do that? Check. They could care less about the end user experience.;Salman Khan;education
Education is a kind of continuing dialogue, and a dialogue assumes different points of view.;Robert M. Hutchins;education
But I didn't really enjoy my secondary education that much, probably because I am a very physical person and don't enjoy sitting at a desk all day. I just dragged myself through GCSE and A Levels, so it suited me very much to go on to drama school, which was very active.;Amanda Burton;education
Education is not to reform students or amuse them or to make them expert technicians. It is to unsettle their minds, widen their horizons, inflame their intellects, teach them to think straight, if possible.;Robert M. Hutchins;education
I was taught by my father. He was head of the primary school so I went to his school until I was 11 - I was the youngest of four daughters and we had all been taught by him. But I didn't really enjoy my secondary education that much, probably because I am a very physical person and don't enjoy sitting at a desk all day.;Amanda Burton;education
My idea of education is to unsettle the minds of the young and inflame their intellects.;Robert M. Hutchins;education
Immigration is not the top issue for Latinos. Latinos are like every other American - economy, jobs, healthcare, education.;Eva Longoria;education
Maybe it's a tired tale, but without an education, you're not going to go anywhere.;H. G. Bissinger;education
I was born in Corpus Christi, Texas, the youngest of four girls, including my oldest sister, Lisa, who has special needs. My mom was a special education teacher, and my dad worked on the Army base. We weren't wealthy, but we were determined to succeed.;Eva Longoria;education
In more than 20 years I've spent studying the issue, I have yet to hear a convincing argument that college football has anything do with what is presumably the primary purpose of higher education: academics.;H. G. Bissinger;education
In my family, there was one cardinal priority - education. College was not an option it was mandatory. So even though we didn't have a lot of money, we made it work. I signed up for financial aid, Pell Grants, work study, anything I could.;Eva Longoria;education
Education, particularly higher education, will take Africa into the mainstream of globalization.;John Agyekum Kufuor;education
Research shows that children do better in school and are less likely to drop out when fathers are involved. Engaged parents can strengthen communities, mentor and tutor students, and demonstrate through their actions how much they value their children's education.;Arne Duncan;education
We face a choice this election. President Obama is fighting for changes that grow the economy from the middle out and help all Americans succeed - jobs, education, health reform, the DREAM Act, equal pay for women. He is moving us forward with opportunity today for prosperity tomorrow. Mitt Romney wants to take us back to yesterday.;Eva Longoria;education
Teachers say their schools of education did not adequately prepare them for the classroom. They would have welcomed more mentoring and feedback in their early years.;Arne Duncan;education
THE rich possess ample means to realize any theory they may chuse to adopt in the education of their children, regardless of the cost but it is not so with him whose Subsistence is derived from industry.;Joseph Lancaster;education
A postsecondary education is the ticket to economic success in America.;Arne Duncan;education
A system of education, which would not gratify this disposition in any party, is requisite, in order to obviate the difficulty, and the reader will find a something said to that purpose in perusing this tract.;Joseph Lancaster;education
Even in a time of fiscal austerity, education is more than just an expense.;Arne Duncan;education
The complaint of bad pay, and difficulty in obtaining it, is almost generally reiterated through every department of education.;Joseph Lancaster;education
State governments generate less revenue in a recession. As state leaders struggle to make up for lost revenue, legislatures tend to cut funding for higher education. Colleges, in turn, answer these funding cuts with tuition hikes.;Arne Duncan;education
May this plain statement of facts prevail on the friends of the rising generation to interpose for their welfare that the education of children may no longer be to parent and master a lottery, in which the prizes bear no proportion to the enormous number of blanks.;Joseph Lancaster;education
I am persuaded, that if any attempt is made to improve the education of the poor, and such an unmanly spirit should guide the resolution of a society or committee for that purpose, it would render the design abortive.;Joseph Lancaster;education
The supreme lesson of any education should be to think for yourself and to be yourself absent this attainment, education creates dangerous, stupefying conformity.;Bryant McGill;education
The institution of a public library, containing books on education, would be well adapted for the information of teachers, many of whom are not able to purchase expensive publications on those subjects.;Joseph Lancaster;education
I have said it on several occasions, several times from this podium, that providing a quality education for our children is high on my priority list. I will not stop now.;Jane D. Hull;education
Of course the EU and member states must work to ensure that people moving from one country to another understand their obligations and their rights in areas like health, road safety and further education.;John Bruton;education
I know there are things I did in education that will never be reversed. I have not done that in film yet because I have only been here for about nine months.;Estelle Morris;education
If bringing up the next generation is important, why aren't they the best qualified, the best paid? Why aren't we as concerned about their career progression as we are about those who work in the education or health services?;Estelle Morris;education
At different times I taught humanities, social sciences and pre-vocational education.;Estelle Morris;education
We do recognise the need to move towards the publication of information showing the progress made by pupils from one stage of their education to another.;Estelle Morris;education
Where the private sector, or anyone else, has skills, knowledge and resources that can help to deliver a high quality of education and to raise standards, we should use them.;Estelle Morris;education
I grew up in an non-athletic family, where my parents were interested in music, in literature, in education and art.;Bill Walton;education
A constitutional democracy is in serious trouble if its citizenry does not have a certain degree of education and civic virtue.;Phillip E. Johnson;education
A lot of people criticize the primaries, but I think they are absolutely essential to the education of the President of the United States.;Pierre Salinger;education
It was clear to me that the forms of consciousness of our inherited and acquired historical education - aesthetic consciousness and historical consciousness - presented alienated forms of our true historical being.;Hans-Georg Gadamer;education
In England, literary pretence is more universal than elsewhere from our method of education.;James Payn;education
When you Google me, you'll find a lot of people don't like Richard Dreyfuss. Because I'm cocky and I present a cocky attitude. But no one has ever disagreed with the notion I represent, that we need more civic education. So far there's 100 percent support for that.;Richard Dreyfuss;education
I'd repair our education system or replace it with something that works.;Larry Niven;education
Even on education, his one accomplishment, the Leave No Child Behind Act, and he has left it unfunded.;Sidney Blumenthal;education
I feel like in America, we don't have a kid problem. You think about all these issues that these kids are dealing with, we have an adult problem. We have adults that do not place the priority on our kids to get a valuable education.;Alonzo Mourning;education
I feel that education needs an overhaul - courses are obsolete and grades are on the way out.;Kent McCord;education
I studied secondary education.;Jim McKay;education
I confess that for fifteen years my efforts in education, and my hopes of success in establishing a system of national education, have always been associated with the idea of coupling the education of this country with the religious communities which exist.;Richard Cobden;education
In Holland, they have come to precisely the same conclusion. There they have adopted a system of secular education, because they have found it impracticable to unite the religious bodies in any system of combined religious instruction.;Richard Cobden;education
The environment is everything that isn't me.;Albert Einstein;environmental
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world indeed, it's the only thing that ever has.;Margaret Mead;environmental
Keep close to Nature's heart... and break clear away, once in awhile, and climb a mountain or spend a week in the woods. Wash your spirit clean.;John Muir;environmental
Thank God men cannot fly, and lay waste the sky as well as the earth.;Henry David Thoreau;environmental
God has cared for these trees, saved them from drought, disease, avalanches, and a thousand tempests and floods. But he cannot save them from fools.;John Muir;environmental
When we try to pick out anything by itself, we find it hitched to everything else in the universe.;John Muir;environmental
It is horrifying that we have to fight our own government to save the environment.;Ansel Adams;environmental
We won't have a society if we destroy the environment.;Margaret Mead;environmental
If people destroy something replaceable made by mankind, they are called vandals if they destroy something irreplaceable made by God, they are called developers.;Joseph Wood Krutch;environmental
I think the environment should be put in the category of our national security. Defense of our resources is just as important as defense abroad. Otherwise what is there to defend?;Robert Redford;environmental
I did not become a vegetarian for my health, I did it for the health of the chickens.;Isaac Bashevis Singer;environmental
Take a course in good water and air and in the eternal youth of Nature you may renew your own. Go quietly, alone no harm will befall you.;John Muir;environmental
They claim this mother of ours, the Earth, for their own use, and fence their neighbors away from her, and deface her with their buildings and their refuse.;Sitting Bull;environmental
By polluting clear water with slime you will never find good drinking water.;Aeschylus;environmental
Birds are indicators of the environment. If they are in trouble, we know we'll soon be in trouble.;Roger Tory Peterson;environmental
If we do not permit the earth to produce beauty and joy, it will in the end not produce food, either.;Joseph Wood Krutch;environmental
Conservation is a state of harmony between men and land.;Aldo Leopold;environmental
After all, sustainability means running the global environment - Earth Inc. - like a corporation: with depreciation, amortization and maintenance accounts. In other words, keeping the asset whole, rather than undermining your natural capital.;Maurice Strong;environmental
All is connected... no one thing can change by itself.;Paul Hawken;environmental
You will die but the carbon will not its career does not end with you. It will return to the soil, and there a plant may take it up again in time, sending it once more on a cycle of plant and animal life.;Jacob Bronowski;environmental
In a few decades, the relationship between the environment, resources and conflict may seem almost as obvious as the connection we see today between human rights, democracy and peace.;Wangari Maathai;environmental
If we gave up eating beef we would have roughly 20 to 30 times more land for food than we have now.;James Lovelock;environmental
I see humanity now as one vast plant, needing for its highest fulfillment only love, the natural blessings of the great outdoors, and intelligent crossing and selection.;Luther Burbank;environmental
People blame their environment. There is only one person to blame - and only one - themselves.;Robert Collier;environmental
We must return to nature and nature's god.;Luther Burbank;environmental
Why are ecologists and environmentalists so feared and hated? This is because in part what they have to say is new to the general public, and the new is always alarming.;Garrett Hardin;environmental
I don't think we're going to save anything if we go around talking about saving plants and animals only we've got to translate that into what's in it for us.;Jim Fowler;environmental
I think the cost of energy will come down when we make this transition to renewable energy.;Al Gore;environmental
When a man wantonly destroys one of the works of man we call him a vandal. When he destroys one of the works of god we call him a sportsman.;Joseph Wood Krutch;environmental
Every time I have some moment on a seashore, or in the mountains, or sometimes in a quiet forest, I think this is why the environment has to be preserved.;Bill Bradley;environmental
Environmental degradation, overpopulation, refugees, narcotics, terrorism, world crime movements, and organized crime are worldwide problems that don't stop at a nation's borders.;Warren Christopher;environmental
Journey with me to a true commitment to our environment. Journey with me to the serenity of leaving to our children a planet in equilibrium.;Paul Tsongas;environmental
No one should be able to enter a wilderness by mechanical means.;Garrett Hardin;environmental
In a finite world this means that the per capita share of the world's goods must steadily decrease.;Garrett Hardin;environmental
I think Captain Cousteau might be the father of the environmental movement.;Ted Turner;environmental
Harmony with land is like harmony with a friend you cannot cherish his right hand and chop off his left.;Aldo Leopold;environmental
The only way forward, if we are going to improve the quality of the environment, is to get everybody involved.;Richard Rogers;environmental
When we realize we can make a buck cleaning up the environment, it will be done!;Dennis Weaver;environmental
I can find God in nature, in animals, in birds and the environment.;Pat Buckley;environmental
Not all is doom and gloom. We are beginning to understand the natural world and are gaining a reverence for life - all life.;Roger Tory Peterson;environmental
I think the government has to reposition environment on top of their national and international priorities.;Brian Mulroney;environmental
Our world faces a true planetary emergency. I know the phrase sounds shrill, and I know it's a challenge to the moral imagination.;Al Gore;environmental
You may be able to fool the voters, but not the atmosphere.;Donella Meadows;environmental
Environmental concern is now firmly embedded in public life: in education, medicine and law in journalism, literature and art.;Barry Commoner;environmental
There is no place where we can safely store worn-out reactors or their garbage. No place!;David R. Brower;environmental
It seems that every time mankind is given a lot of energy, we go out and wreck something with it.;David R. Brower;environmental
It is absolutely imperative that we protect, preserve and pass on this genetic heritage for man and every other living thing in as good a condition as we received it.;David R. Brower;environmental
We assume that everything's becoming more efficient, and in an immediate sense that's true our lives are better in many ways. But that improvement has been gained through a massively inefficient use of natural resources.;Paul Hawken;environmental
Unless we keep this planet healthy, everything else is for naught.;Victoria Principal;environmental
Population, when unchecked, goes on doubling itself every 25 years or increases in a geometrical ratio.;Thomas Malthus;environmental
