If you are working 50 hours a week in a factory, you don't have time to read 10 newspapers a day and go back to declassified government archives. But such people may have far-reaching insights into the way the world works.;Noam Chomsky;time
I try to keep it real. I don't have time to worry about what I'm projecting to the world. I'm just busy being myself.;Demi Lovato;time
The ideas of the ruling class are in every epoch the ruling ideas, i.e., the class which is the ruling material force of society, is at the same time its ruling intellectual force.;Karl Marx;time
Truth has no special time of its own. Its hour is now - always.;Albert Schweitzer;time
Have regular hours for work and play make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will be delightful, old age will bring few regrets, and life will become a beautiful success.;Louisa May Alcott;time
Viewed freely, the English language is the accretion and growth of every dialect, race, and range of time, and is both the free and compacted composition of all.;Walt Whitman;time
Both in thought and in feeling, even though time be real, to realise the unimportance of time is the gate of wisdom.;Bertrand Russell;time
The slave is doomed to worship time and fate and death, because they are greater than anything he finds in himself, and because all his thoughts are of things which they devour.;Bertrand Russell;time
It's important to take time for your spouse and nurture the relationship.;Christina Aguilera;time
Freedom comes only to those who no longer ask of life that it shall yield them any of those personal goods that are subject to the mutations of time.;Bertrand Russell;time
It is even better to act quickly and err than to hesitate until the time of action is past.;Karl Von Clausewitz;time
Everything comes in time to those who can wait.;Francois Rabelais;time
As much as I would love to be a person that goes to parties and has a couple of drinks and has a nice time, that doesn't work for me. I'd just rather sit at home and read, or go out to dinner with someone, or talk to someone I love, or talk to somebody that makes me laugh.;Daniel Radcliffe;time
Don't get too comfortable with who you are at any given time - you may miss the opportunity to become who you want to be.;Jon Bon Jovi;time
Most people should be talking about how Floyd Mayweather is a great undefeated future Hall of Famer that's his own promoter and that works extremely hard to get to where he's at. Instead, all you hear is hate and jealous remarks from critics who criticize me and, you know, most of the time, the people that criticize me can't do what I can do.;Floyd Mayweather, Jr.;time
I was in enough to get along with people. I was never socially inarticulate. Not a loner. And that saved my life, saved my sanity. That and the writing. But to this day I distrust anybody who thought school was a good time. Anybody.;Stephen King;time
I'm someone who loves to enjoy life and tries to focus on real things and real friendships. That's why I live very simply. I'm a jeans and T-shirt kind of girl. I don't spend much time fixing myself up or trying to look cool. I live like a normal person and even though I'm in a very high-profile business, I really don't let it affect the way I live.;Cameron Diaz;time
It is only in the world of objects that we have time and space and selves.;T. S. Eliot;time
I am learning all the time. The tombstone will be my diploma.;Eartha Kitt;time
Don't be a time manager, be a priority manager. Cut your major goals into bite-sized pieces. Each small priority or requirement on the way to ultimate goal become a mini goal in itself.;Denis Waitley;time
For the first half of geological time our ancestors were bacteria. Most creatures still are bacteria, and each one of our trillions of cells is a colony of bacteria.;Richard Dawkins;time
I really had no great love for shoes. I was a working First Lady I was always in canvas shoes. I did nurture the shoes industry of the Philippines, and so every time there was a shoe fair, I would receive a pair of shoes as a token of gratitude.;Imelda Marcos;time
A thing is mighty big when time and distance cannot shrink it.;Zora Neale Hurston;time
Trust has to be earned, and should come only after the passage of time.;Arthur Ashe;time
I think that everything is possible as long as you put your mind to it and you put the work and time into it. I think your mind really controls everything.;Michael Phelps;time
Only good girls keep diaries. Bad girls don't have time.;Tallulah Bankhead;time
Time always seems long to the child who is waiting - for Christmas, for next summer, for becoming a grownup: long also when he surrenders his whole soul to each moment of a happy day.;Dag Hammarskjold;time
If neurotic is wanting two mutually exclusive things at one and the same time, then I'm neurotic as hell. I'll be flying back and forth between one mutually exclusive thing and another for the rest of my days.;Sylvia Plath;time
The time to relax is when you don't have time for it.;Sydney J. Harris;time
How can anybody hate nurses? Nobody hates nurses. The only time you hate a nurse is when they're giving you an enema.;Warren Beatty;time
As anyone who has ever been around a cat for any length of time well knows, cats have enormous patience with the limitations of the human kind.;Cleveland Amory;time
Time is bunk.;Douglas Adams;time
The single most important thing in a child's performance is the quality of the teacher. Making sure a child spends the maximum amount of time with inspirational teachers is the most important thing.;Michael Gove;time
It's time to say goodbye, but I think goodbyes are sad and I'd much rather say hello. Hello to a new adventure.;Ernie Harwell;time
I have found it advisable not to give too much heed to what people say when I am trying to accomplish something of consequence. Invariably they proclaim it can't be done. I deem that the very best time to make the effort.;Calvin Coolidge;time
Do not think of your faults, still less of other's faults look for what is good and strong, and try to imitate it. Your faults will drop off, like dead leaves, when their time comes.;John Ruskin;time
The best time for you to hold your tongue is the time you feel you must say something or bust.;Josh Billings;time
First love is a kind of vaccination which saves a man from catching the complaint the second time.;Honore de Balzac;time
Next time I tell you someone from Texas should not be president of the United States, please pay attention.;Molly Ivins;time
I wish life was not so short, he thought. languages take such a time, and so do all the things one wants to know about.;J. R. R. Tolkien;time
Laws are silent in time of war.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;time
If I hold back, I'm no good. I'm no good. I'd rather be good sometimes, than holding back all the time.;Janis Joplin;time
It's the same each time with progress. First they ignore you, then they say you're mad, then dangerous, then there's a pause and then you can't find anyone who disagrees with you.;Tony Benn;time
Time is the most precious element of human existence. The successful person knows how to put energy into time and how to draw success from time.;Denis Waitley;time
To keep it simple you run your gym like you run your house. Keep it clean and in good running order. No jerks allowed, members pay on time and if they give you any crap, throw them out. There's peace where there's order.;Joe Gold;time
Time is the scarcest resource and unless it is managed nothing else can be managed.;Peter Drucker;time
I feel when somebody has been playing cricket for a long time, he creates a separate identity for himself.;Sachin Tendulkar;time
I live in a crazy time.;Anne Frank;time
A man may speak very well in the House of Commons, and fail very completely in the House of Lords. There are two distinct styles requisite: I intend, in the course of my career, if I have time, to give a specimen of both.;Benjamin Disraeli;time
People have taken time out of their day and spent their money to come sit down at a concert. And it's jazz music-it's not easy for them to get to it. I don't want them ever to feel that I'm taking their presence lightly.;Wynton Marsalis;time
Computers may save time but they sure waste a lot of paper. About 98 percent of everything printed out by a computer is garbage that no one ever reads.;Andy Rooney;time
When it's time for me to walk away from something, I walk away from it. My mind, my body, my conscience tell me that enough is enough.;Jerry West;time
It is easier to be a lover than a husband for the simple reason that it is more difficult to be witty every day than to say pretty things from time to time.;Honore de Balzac;time
Not a single time have we gotten a right from Congress or from the President. We get them from God.;Glenn Beck;time
I'm trying to stay as calm as possible and focus one day at a time, but when reality sets in, I feel everything: anxiety, excitement, nerves, pressure and joy.;Shawn Johnson;time
One of the most pervasive political visions of our time is the vision of liberals as compassionate and conservatives as less caring.;Thomas Sowell;time
We are at the very beginning of time for the human race. It is not unreasonable that we grapple with problems. But there are tens of thousands of years in the future. Our responsibility is to do what we can, learn what we can, improve the solutions, and pass them on.;Richard P. Feynman;time
If you start using a medication in a person with autism, you should see an obvious improvement in behavior in a short period of time. If you do not see an obvious improvement, they probably should not be taking the stuff. It is that simple.;Temple Grandin;time
Boredom is the feeling that everything is a waste of time serenity, that nothing is.;Thomas Szasz;time
The innocent and the beautiful have no enemy but time.;William Butler Yeats;time
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.;Ansel Adams;time
Yet, when child sex offenders are brought to justice and serve time for their offenses, they are often released into unsuspecting communities and left free to resume their sexual attacks.;Bob Ney;time
Future shock is the shattering stress and disorientation that we induce in individuals by subjecting them to too much change in too short a time.;Alvin Toffler;time
Any time three New Yorkers get into a cab without an argument, a bank has just been robbed.;Phyllis Diller;time
The most thought-provoking thing in our thought-provoking time is that we are still not thinking.;Martin Heidegger;time
Every parent is at some time the father of the unreturned prodigal, with nothing to do but keep his house open to hope.;John Ciardi;time
The pressure on young chefs today is far greater than ever before in terms of social skills, marketing skills, cooking skills, personality and, more importantly, delivering on the plate. So you need to be strong. Physically fit. So my chefs get weighed every time they come into the kitchen.;Gordon Ramsay;time
My father wasn't around when I was a kid, and I used to always say, 'Why me? Why don't I have a father? Why isn't he around? Why did he leave my mother?' But as I got older I looked deeper and thought, 'I don't know what my father was going through, but if he was around all the time, would I be who I am today?';LeBron James;time
Thanks to television, for the first time the young are seeing history made before it is censored by their elders.;Margaret Mead;time
I will continue to work as hard as I can to make this organization proud. Every time I step on the field I will give everything I have and I will leave everything I have on the field every single Sunday.;Tim Tebow;time
Seek always to do some good, somewhere. Every man has to seek in his own way to realize his true worth. You must give some time to your fellow man. For remember, you don't live in a world all your own. Your brothers are here too.;Albert Schweitzer;time
One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.;Andre Gide;time
There is a time for risky love. There is a time for extravagant gestures. There is a time to pour out your affections on one you love. And when the time comes - seize it, don't miss it.;Max Lucado;time
The shortest period of time lies between the minute you put some money away for a rainy day and the unexpected arrival of rain.;Jane Bryant Quinn;time
Be of service. Whether you make yourself available to a friend or co-worker, or you make time every month to do volunteer work, there is nothing that harvests more of a feeling of empowerment than being of service to someone in need.;Gillian Anderson;time
You're only as young as the last time you changed your mind.;Timothy Leary;time
The time at our disposal each day is elastic the passions we feel dilate it, those that inspire us shrink it, and habit fills it.;Marcel Proust;time
Growing old is no more than a bad habit which a busy person has no time to form.;Andre Maurois;time
One never reaches home, but wherever friendly paths intersect the whole world looks like home for a time.;Hermann Hesse;time
A time will come when a politician who has willfully made war and promoted international dissension will be as sure of the dock and much surer of the noose than a private homicide. It is not reasonable that those who gamble with men's lives should not stake their own.;H. G. Wells;time
Time is neutral and does not change things. With courage and initiative, leaders change things.;Jesse Jackson;time
Portland, Oregon won't build a mile of road without a mile of bike path. You can commute there, even with that weather, all the time.;Lance Armstrong;time
Christmas is the day that holds all time together.;Alexander Smith;time
I sacrifice in my love life and my social life, but those things will be there in three or four years. This is a really important time in my life. I can't just be the girl who sang 'I Kissed a Girl.' I have to leave a legacy.;Katy Perry;time
Nothing great is created suddenly, any more than a bunch of grapes or a fig. If you tell me that you desire a fig. I answer you that there must be time. Let it first blossom, then bear fruit, then ripen.;Epictetus;time
If there existed no external means for dimming their consciences, one-half of the men would at once shoot themselves, because to live contrary to one's reason is a most intolerable state, and all men of our time are in such a state.;Leo Tolstoy;time
Realize that if you have time to whine and complain about something then you have the time to do something about it.;Anthony J. D'Angelo;time
(On seeing a former lover for the first time in years) I thought I told you to wait in the car.;Tallulah Bankhead;time
The only time some people work like a horse is when the boss rides them.;Gabriel Heatter;time
Natural science will in time incorporate into itself the science of man, just as the science of man will incorporate into itself natural science: there will be one science.;Karl Marx;time
I tell people I'm too stupid to know what's impossible. I have ridiculously large dreams, and half the time they come true.;Debi Thomas;time
Friends are thieves of time.;Francis Bacon;time
No one can possibly know what is about to happen: it is happening, each time, for the first time, for the only time.;James A. Baldwin;time
If you aren't good at loving yourself, you will have a difficult time loving anyone, since you'll resent the time and energy you give another person that you aren't even giving to yourself.;Barbara de Angelis;time
My creed is that: Happiness is the only good. The place to be happy is here. The time to be happy is now. The way to be happy is to make others so.;Robert Green Ingersoll;time
To talk about balance, it's easier to talk about what's out of balance. And I think anytime that you have any disease, and disease meaning lack of ease, lack of flow... dis-ease. So any time there's disease, you're out of balance, whether it's jealousy, anger, greed, anxiety, fear.;Ricky Williams;time
That which you create in beauty and goodness and truth lives on for all time to come. Don't spend your life accumulating material objects that will only turn to dust and ashes.;Denis Waitley;time
Music is nothing else but wild sounds civilized into time and tune.;Thomas Fuller;time
The greatest part of a writer's time is spent in reading in order to write. A man will turn over half a library to make a book.;Samuel Johnson;time
