I find beauty in the grotesque, like most artists.;Alexander McQueen;beauty
The past itself, as historical change continues to accelerate, has become the most surreal of subjects - making it possible... to see a new beauty in what is vanishing.;Susan Sontag;beauty
It is shallow people who think beauty is frivolous or excessive. If you are bringing beauty and god, you are enriching the country. Rice feeds the body, books feed the mind, beauty feeds the soul. It is one thing I can really be proud of and stand tall in the world.;Imelda Marcos;beauty
The only rich person is a person who is rich in spirit. I have no money deposit. I have only beauty deposit.;Imelda Marcos;beauty
Jordan has a strange, haunting beauty and a sense of timelessness. Dotted with the ruins of empires once great, it is the last resort of yesterday in the world of tomorrow. I love every inch of it.;King Hussein I;beauty
I am a great lover of art, in many forms: paintings, objets, textiles. I don't have the talent for painting, but I have a very good sense of colour, a love of visual beauty.;Jacqueline Bisset;beauty
Beauty is nature's brag, and must be shown in courts, at feasts, and high solemnities, where most may wonder at the workmanship.;John Milton;beauty
I pretty much borrow my entire beauty regime from my mom.;Rashida Jones;beauty
Ads featuring real women and real beauty are such a necessary component to offset the potentially dangerous programming out there for little girls.;Rashida Jones;beauty
The beauty of 'spacing' children many years apart lies in the fact that parents have time to learn the mistakes that were made with the older ones - which permits them to make exactly the opposite mistakes with the younger ones.;Sydney J. Harris;beauty
Strength of character may be learned at work, but beauty of character is learned at home.;Henry Drummond;beauty
I am still a victim of chess. It has all the beauty of art - and much more. It cannot be commercialized. Chess is much purer than art in its social position.;Marcel Duchamp;beauty
I do not know which to prefer, The beauty of inflections, Or the beauty of innuendoes, The blackbird whistling, Or just after.;Wallace Stevens;beauty
Beauty and the devil are the same thing.;Robert Mapplethorpe;beauty
You can take no credit for beauty at sixteen. But if you are beautiful at sixty, it will be your soul's own doing.;Marie Stopes;beauty
Often, the roles I'm offered in England are melancholic women who are filled with regret for the past, regret for their fading beauty.;Kristin Scott Thomas;beauty
I am not fighting for success, just to get more beauty out of myself and share it with more people.;Ben Okri;beauty
Lila can't be a model until she's at least 21. She is already a mini-me - it is scary. She already has her own beauty kit.;Kate Moss;beauty
I would warn you that I do not attribute to nature either beauty or deformity, order or confusion. Only in relation to our imagination can things be called beautiful or ugly, well-ordered or confused.;Baruch Spinoza;beauty
I'm really proud of myself because I've pared my beauty regimen down to a cream blush and berry-tinted lip balm, which has saved me so much time.;Katherine Heigl;beauty
Wealth, beauty, and fame are transient. When those are gone, little is left except the need to be useful.;Gene Tierney;beauty
Italian men do appreciate beautiful women. They're not afraid of the beauty, which is nice.;Eva Herzigova;beauty
I want, of course, peace, grace, and beauty. How do you do that? You work for it.;Studs Terkel;beauty
Bracketing has turned all my experiences, remembered and present, into a gallery of miracles where I wander around dazzled by the beauty of events I cannot explain.;Martha Beck;beauty
Design is not making beauty, beauty emerges from selection, affinities, integration, love.;Louis Kahn;beauty
Beauty is a relation, and the apprehension of it a comparison.;Gerard Manley Hopkins;beauty
We come in many different shapes and sizes, and we need to support each other and our differences. Our beauty is in our differences.;Carre Otis;beauty
Her beauty didn't do her any good and she couldn't use it in any positive way or manipulative way. I just hope that people will look and see and believe in that hope of love, that hope of freedom, even if it was just for a limited time.;Diane Kruger;beauty
My everyday beauty routine is always rushed and pretty simple.;Cate Blanchett;beauty
Well, I've never looked upon myself as being a beauty, per se.;Cate Blanchett;beauty
After a decade this glum, we deserved a shot of 'Glee,' a show that restored our faith in the power of song, the beauty of dance, and the magic of 'spirit fingers' to chase our cares and woes into somebody else's backyard.;James Wolcott;beauty
Do not confuse beauty with beautiful. Beautiful is a human judgment. Beauty is All. The difference is everything.;Matthew Fox;beauty
Beauty is composed of an eternal, invariable element whose quantity is extremely difficult to determine, and a relative element which might be, either by turns or all at once, period, fashion, moral, passion.;Jean-Luc Godard;beauty
Fashion fosters cliches of beauty, but I want to tear them apart.;Miuccia Prada;beauty
When you are balanced and when you listen and attend to the needs of your body, mind, and spirit, your natural beauty comes out.;Christy Turlington;beauty
In art economy is always beauty.;Henry James;beauty
Through Kurt I saw the beauty of minimalism and the importance of music that's stripped down.;Dave Grohl;beauty
I trust in nature for the stable laws of beauty and utility. Spring shall plant and autumn garner to the end of time.;Robert Browning;beauty
I don't get anything for free. I pay for all my beauty treatments.;Jennifer Lopez;beauty
Rarely do great beauty and great virtue dwell together.;Petrarch;beauty
I didn't have any confidence in my beauty when I was young. I felt like a character actress, and I still do.;Meryl Streep;beauty
I really admire a woman for her intelligence, her personality. Beauty is not enough.;Roberto Cavalli;beauty
I write for no other purpose than to add to the beauty that now belongs to me. I write a book for no other reason than to add three or four hundred acres to my magnificent estate.;Jack London;beauty
They saw me, those reckless seekers of beauty, and in a night I was famous.;Lillie Langtry;beauty
Beauty is not just physical.;Halle Berry;beauty
Beauty and fullness of tone can be achieved by having the whole orchestra play with high clarinets and a carefully selected number of piccolos.;Gustav Mahler;beauty
I think the beauty of working with young people is they remind you of the spirit of acting and it's just a big play.;Eric Bana;beauty
I am obsessed with beauty. I want everything to be perfect, and of course it isn't. And that's a tough place to be because you're never satisfied.;Robert Mapplethorpe;beauty
The beautiful seems right by force of beauty and the feeble wrong because of weakness.;Elizabeth Barrett Browning;beauty
I would like to say to people, open your eyes and find beauty where you normally don't expect it.;Jean Paul Gaultier;beauty
Art is the unceasing effort to compete with the beauty of flowers - and never succeeding.;Gian Carlo Menotti;beauty
Thankfully, beauty is easier to remove than apply, and a swipe of demaquillage in the right direction and you are you once again.;Margaret Cho;beauty
Just because you are blind and unable to see my beauty doesn't mean it does not exist.;Margaret Cho;beauty
Order is the shape upon which beauty depends.;Pearl S. Buck;beauty
For the mind disturbed, the still beauty of dawn is nature's finest balm.;Edwin Way Teale;beauty
Women are so unforgiving of themselves. We don't recognize our own beauty because we're too busy comparing ourselves to other people.;Kelly Osbourne;beauty
But every great scripture, whether Hebrew, Indian, Persian, or Chinese, apart from its religious value will be found to have some rare and special beauty of its own and in this respect the original Bible stands very high as a monument of sublime poetry and of artistic prose.;Lafcadio Hearn;beauty
Part of the beauty of Judaism, and surely this is so for other faiths also, is that it gently restores control over time. Three times a day we stop what we are doing and turn to God in prayer. We recover perspective. We inhale a deep breath of eternity.;Jonathan Sacks;beauty
I've actually spent a lot of time researching beauty products, how they are produced and how they are sold.;Lauren Conrad;beauty
For I must tell you that we artists cannot tread the path of Beauty without Eros keeping company with us and appointing himself as our guide.;Thomas Mann;beauty
Solitude gives birth to the original in us, to beauty unfamiliar and perilous - to poetry. But also, it gives birth to the opposite: to the perverse, the illicit, the absurd.;Thomas Mann;beauty
What is sacred among one people may be ridiculous in another and what is despised or rejected by one cultural group, may in a different environment become the cornerstone for a great edifice of strange grandeur and beauty.;Hu Shih;beauty
Art is beauty, the perpetual invention of detail, the choice of words, the exquisite care of execution.;Theophile Gautier;beauty
I'm not one of those women who thinks beauty is a curse.;Diane Kruger;beauty
A lot of directors idealize their leading ladies or turn them into these objects of sexuality and beauty.;Diane Kruger;beauty
I like the idea of accessibility, coming from a lower-middle-class background myself, I feel like beauty and products should be accessible to all women over the world.;Diane Kruger;beauty
Beauty in art is often nothing but ugliness subdued.;Jean Rostand;beauty
What saddens me is the corruption of youth and beauty, and the loss of soul, which is only replaced by money.;Lisa Bonet;beauty
When I think of art I think of beauty. Beauty is the mystery of life. It is not in the eye it is in the mind. In our minds there is awareness of perfection.;Agnes Martin;beauty
The very definition of 'beauty' is outside.;Adam Carolla;beauty
I always loved aesthetics. Not particularly fashion, but an idea of beauty.;Miuccia Prada;beauty
Now, I'm not saying I'm fashionable, but there are sociological interests that matter to me, things that are theoretical, political, intellectual and also concerned with vanity and beauty that we all think about but that I try to mix up and translate into fashion.;Miuccia Prada;beauty
What sort of sap doesn't know by now that picture-perfect beauty is all done with smoke and mirrors anyway?;Julie Burchill;beauty
Shame, like beauty, is often in the eye of the beholder.;Julie Burchill;beauty
The truth of the matter is, beauty is a specific thing, rare and fleeting. Some of us have it in our teens, 20s and 30s and then lose it most of us have it not at all. And that's perfectly okay. But lying to yourself that you have it when you don't seems to me simple-minded at best and psychotic at worst.;Julie Burchill;beauty
What I find most upsetting about this new all-consuming beauty culture is that the obsession with good looks, and how you can supposedly attain them, is almost entirely female-driven.;Julie Burchill;beauty
Surely being a Professional Beauty - let alone an ageing one - is one of the most insecure and doomed careers imaginable.;Julie Burchill;beauty
I've always thought of beauty therapy, 'alternative' treatments and the like as the female equivalent of brothels - for essentially self-deceiving people who feel a bit hollow and have to pay to be touched.;Julie Burchill;beauty
These women whose antics we smirk at good-naturedly in the pap-traps put themselves out there at least partly on their beauty they are in showbiz, and showing what they've got is part of their business as much as it is for male show-ponies from the Chippendales to George Clooney.;Julie Burchill;beauty
Natural beauty takes at least two hours in front of a mirror.;Pamela Anderson;beauty
It is not the beauty of a building you should look at its the construction of the foundation that will stand the test of time.;David Allan Coe;beauty
One of the things that people don't realize is that that natural beauty, those recreational forests, they have an economic development impact for the state as well.;Ed Rendell;beauty
Endeavour to be faithful, and if there is any beauty in your thought, your style will be beautiful if there is any real emotion to express, the expression will be moving.;George Henry Lewes;beauty
Black beauty - he's a dark horse.;Tim Vine;beauty
I shall give you hunger, and pain, and sleepless nights. Also beauty, and satisfactions known to few, and glimpses of the heavenly life. None of these you shall have continually, and of their coming and going you shall not be foretold.;Howard Lindsay;beauty
People don't associate red hair, pale skin, and freckles with beauty.;Shirley Manson;beauty
I still believe that capitalism is too harsh and I believe that, even within that, there is a lot of satisfaction and beauty if you happen to be one of the lucky ones, although that doesn't eradicate the reality of the suffering. It's all true at once, kind of humming and sublime.;George Saunders;beauty
Physical beauty is such a strange thing.;Jock Sturges;beauty
I was kind of a jock in school. Beauty wasn't something I spent a lot of time on.;Nina Dobrev;beauty
I'm very accepting with my age. It's like notches on your belt: experience, wisdom, and a different kind of beauty. There comes a day when you've become comfortable in your skin.;Zoe Saldana;beauty
My wife has brought great beauty into my life. And my daughter has brought me nothing but joy. Those qualities were greatly lacking.;Christopher Meloni;beauty
My mother never put an emphasis on looks. She let us grow up on our own time line. She never forced any beauty regimen into my world.;Rachel McAdams;beauty
It is very necessary to have markers of beauty left in a world seemingly bent on making the most evil ugliness.;Thornton Wilder;beauty
Hollywood needs to recognise all shades of African American beauty.;Gabrielle Union;beauty
Editing yourself is like an irksome coin toss. You've got to strip yourself of super ego and operate from the id. Maybe I've got my Freud mixed up. It's just hard to trade a beauty shot for the performance with truth and a brightly lit zit.;Vera Farmiga;beauty
Beauty is a radiance that originates from within and comes from inner security and strong character.;Jane Seymour;beauty
I tried for a while to be an agricultural worker and was hopelessly bored. To me it was meaningless. I would stand around in heaps of manure and sings about the beauty of the work I wasn't doing.;Theodore Bikel;beauty
I tried for a while to be an agricultural worker and was hopelessly bored. I would stand around in heaps of manure and sing about the beauty of the work I wasn't doing.;Theodore Bikel;beauty
Art requires philosophy, just as philosophy requires art. Otherwise, what would become of beauty?;Paul Gauguin;beauty
