The ninety and nine are with dreams, content but the hope of the world made new, is the hundredth man who is grimly bent on making those dreams come true.;Edgar Allan Poe;hope
But I have found that in the simple act of living with hope, and in the daily effort to have a positive impact in the world, the days I do have are made all the more meaningful and precious. And for that I am grateful.;Elizabeth Edwards;hope
A leader is a dealer in hope.;Napoleon Bonaparte;hope
I only hope that we don't lose sight of one thing - that it was all started by a mouse.;Walt Disney;hope
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.;Bradley Whitford;hope
I would rather entertain and hope that people learned something than educate people and hope they were entertained.;Walt Disney;hope
Hope is definitely not the same thing as optimism. It is not the conviction that something will turn out well, but the certainty that something makes sense, regardless of how it turns out.;Vaclav Havel;hope
I think that when you get dressed in the morning, sometimes you're really making a decision about your behavior for the day. Like if you put on flipflops, you're saying: 'Hope I don't get chased today.' 'Be nice to people in sneakers.';Demetri Martin;hope
Our human compassion binds us the one to the other - not in pity or patronizingly, but as human beings who have learnt how to turn our common suffering into hope for the future.;Nelson Mandela;hope
On every front there are clear answers out there that can make this country stronger, but we're going to break through the fear and the frustration people are feeling. Our job is to make sure that even as we make progress, that we are also giving people a sense of hope and vision for the future.;Barack Obama;hope
While there's life, there's hope.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;hope
Love, we say, is life but love without hope and faith is agonizing death.;Elbert Hubbard;hope
Depression can seem worse than terminal cancer, because most cancer patients feel loved and they have hope and self-esteem.;David D. Burns;hope
In motivating people, you've got to engage their minds and their hearts. I motivate people, I hope, by example - and perhaps by excitement, by having productive ideas to make others feel involved.;Rupert Murdoch;hope
Selfishness must always be forgiven you know, because there is no hope of a cure.;Jane Austen;hope
Maybe all one can do is hope to end up with the right regrets.;Arthur Miller;hope
Man wants to live, but it is useless to hope that this desire will dictate all his actions.;Albert Camus;hope
He who despairs of the human condition is a coward, but he who has hope for it is a fool.;Albert Camus;hope
Poets have said that the reason to have children is to give yourself immortality. Immortality? Now that I have five children, my only hope is that they are all out of the house before I die.;Bill Cosby;hope
Creativity is a great motivator because it makes people interested in what they are doing. Creativity gives hope that there can be a worthwhile idea. Creativity gives the possibility of some sort of achievement to everyone. Creativity makes life more fun and more interesting.;Edward de Bono;hope
A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning.;Brad Henry;hope
I'll always stay connected with Apple. I hope that throughout my life I'll sort of have the thread of my life and the thread of Apple weave in and out of each other, like a tapestry. There may be a few years when I'm not there, but I'll always come back.;Steve Jobs;hope
Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear.;Baruch Spinoza;hope
My message to you all is of hope, courage and confidence. Let us mobilize all our resources in a systematic and organized way and tackle the grave issues that confront us with grim determination and discipline worthy of a great nation.;Muhammad Ali Jinnah;hope
It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow.;Robert H. Schuller;hope
When I die, I hope to go to Heaven, whatever the Hell that is.;Ayn Rand;hope
I've tried to reduce profanity but I reduced so much profanity when writing the book that I'm afraid not much could come out. Perhaps we will have to consider it simply as a profane book and hope that the next book will be less profane or perhaps more sacred.;Ernest Hemingway;hope
If children have the ability to ignore all odds and percentages, then maybe we can all learn from them. When you think about it, what other choice is there but to hope? We have two options, medically and emotionally: give up, or Fight Like Hell.;Lance Armstrong;hope
For love would be love of the wrong thing there is yet faith, But the faith and the love and the hope are all in the waiting.;T. S. Eliot;hope
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.;Woodrow Wilson;hope
Desperation is the raw material of drastic change. Only those who can leave behind everything they have ever believed in can hope to escape.;William S. Burroughs;hope
The sudden disappointment of a hope leaves a scar which the ultimate fulfillment of that hope never entirely removes.;Thomas Hardy;hope
Faith has to do with things that are not seen and hope with things that are not at hand.;Thomas Aquinas;hope
To me, we're marketing hope.;Joel Osteen;hope
The essence of optimism is that it takes no account of the present, but it is a source of inspiration, of vitality and hope where others have resigned it enables a man to hold his head high, to claim the future for himself and not to abandon it to his enemy.;Dietrich Bonhoeffer;hope
I tremble for my country when I hear of confidence expressed in me. I know too well my weakness, that our only hope is in God.;Robert E. Lee;hope
Our worldly successes cannot be guaranteed, but our ability to achieve spiritual success is entirely up to us, thanks to the grace of God. The best advice I know is to give is to give those worldly things your best but never your all - reserve the ultimate hope for the only one who can grant it.;Mitt Romney;hope
Posterity: you will never know how much it has cost my generation to preserve your freedom. I hope you will make good use of it.;John Quincy Adams;hope
Marriage is like putting your hand into a bag of snakes in the hope of pulling out an eel.;Leonardo da Vinci;hope
My favorite fruit is grapes. Because with grapes, you always get another chance. 'Cause, you know, if you have a crappy apple or a peach, you're stuck with that crappy piece of fruit. But if you have a crappy grape, no problem - just move on to the next. 'Grapes: The Fruit of Hope.';Demetri Martin;hope
I don't know what can be so dangerous about giving people hope.;Joel Osteen;hope
Those who hope for no other life are dead even for this.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;hope
It is often when night looks darkest, it is often before the fever breaks that one senses the gathering momentum for change, when one feels that resurrection of hope in the midst of despair and apathy.;Hillary Clinton;hope
And I hope that five years and 10 years from now, I'll be a better man, a more mature man, a wiser man, a more humble man and a more spirited man to serve the good of my people and the good of humanity.;Louis Farrakhan;hope
What gives me the most hope every day is God's grace knowing that his grace is going to give me the strength for whatever I face, knowing that nothing is a surprise to God.;Rick Warren;hope
I've seen the ticket, and I still can't believe it. When I see the money, I hope I don't hit the floor.;Judy Garland;hope
As for gun control advocates, I have no hope whatever that any facts whatever will make the slightest dent in their thinking - or lack of thinking.;Thomas Sowell;hope
Together we will build an America where hope is a new job with a paycheck, not a faded word on an old bumper sticker.;Mitt Romney;hope
Pakistan not only means freedom and independence but the Muslim Ideology which has to be preserved, which has come to us as a precious gift and treasure and which, we hope other will share with us.;Muhammad Ali Jinnah;hope
The worst thing that can happen in a democracy - as well as in an individual's life - is to become cynical about the future and lose hope.;Hillary Clinton;hope
I would describe myself as emotional and highly strung. If something upsets me, it really upsets me. If something makes me angry, I get really angry. But it's all very upfront. I can't hide it. I'm also loyal and I hope I'm fun.;Nicole Kidman;hope
Faith is not simply a patience that passively suffers until the storm is past. Rather, it is a spirit that bears things - with resignations, yes, but above all, with blazing, serene hope.;Corazon Aquino;hope
If you wish to succeed in life, make perseverance your bosom friend, experience your wise counselor, caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius.;Joseph Addison;hope
Our forces saved the remnants of the Jewish people of Europe for a new life and a new hope in the reborn land of Israel. Along with all men of good will, I salute the young state and wish it well.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;hope
Middle age is when you're sitting at home on a Saturday night and the telephone rings and you hope it isn't for you.;Ogden Nash;hope
To hope means to be ready at every moment for that which is not yet born, and yet not become desperate if there is no birth in our lifetime.;Erich Fromm;hope
When people talk of the freedom of writing, speaking or thinking I cannot choose but laugh. No such thing ever existed. No such thing now exists but I hope it will exist. But it must be hundreds of years after you and I shall write and speak no more.;John Adams;hope
Hope is the pillar that holds up the world. Hope is the dream of a waking man.;Pliny the Elder;hope
God's mercy and grace give me hope - for myself, and for our world.;Billy Graham;hope
War is just when it is necessary arms are permissible when there is no hope except in arms.;Niccolo Machiavelli;hope
My friends, love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic. And we'll change the world.;Jack Layton;hope
Hope is the word which God has written on the brow of every man.;Victor Hugo;hope
There is no medicine like hope, no incentive so great, and no tonic so powerful as expectation of something tomorrow.;Orison Swett Marden;hope
The only way I'd be caught without makeup is if my radio fell in the bathtub while I was taking a bath and electrocuted me and I was in between makeup at home. I hope my husband would slap a little lipstick on me before he took me to the morgue.;Dolly Parton;hope
It is a vain hope to make people happy by politics.;Thomas Carlyle;hope
Marriage is the death of hope.;Woody Allen;hope
At twenty a man is full of fight and hope. He wants to reform the world. When he is seventy he still wants to reform the world, but he know he can't.;Rodney Dangerfield;hope
Fifty percent of people won't vote, and fifty percent don't read newspapers. I hope it's the same fifty percent.;Gore Vidal;hope
Present, n. That part of eternity dividing the domain of disappointment from the realm of hope.;Ambrose Bierce;hope
There is no despair so absolute as that which comes with the first moments of our first great sorrow, when we have not yet known what it is to have suffered and be healed, to have despaired and have recovered hope.;George Eliot;hope
Religion. A daughter of Hope and Fear, explaining to Ignorance the nature of the Unknowable.;Ambrose Bierce;hope
People crushed by laws, have no hope but to evade power. If the laws are their enemies, they will be enemies to the law and those who have most to hope and nothing to lose will always be dangerous.;Edmund Burke;hope
Why are we so full of restraint? Why do we not give in all directions? Is it fear of losing ourselves? Until we do lose ourselves there is no hope of finding ourselves.;Henry Miller;hope
The most insignificant people are the most apt to sneer at others. They are safe from reprisals. And have no hope of rising in their own self esteem but by lowering their neighbors.;William Hazlitt;hope
The less we deserve good fortune, the more we hope for it.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;hope
I hope for nothing. I fear nothing. I am free.;Nikos Kazantzakis;hope
I'm a romantic a sentimental person thinks things will last, a romantic person hopes against hope that they won't.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;hope
Neither should a ship rely on one small anchor, nor should life rest on a single hope.;Epictetus;hope
I knew I was a winner back in the late sixties. I knew I was destined for great things. People will say that kind of thinking is totally immodest. I agree. Modesty is not a word that applies to me in any way - I hope it never will.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;hope
It is in the admission of ignorance and the admission of uncertainty that there is a hope for the continuous motion of human beings in some direction that doesn't get confined, permanently blocked, as it has so many times before in various periods in the history of man.;Richard P. Feynman;hope
Man is, properly speaking, based upon hope, he has no other possession but hope this world of his is emphatically the place of hope.;Thomas Carlyle;hope
Solitude is not something you must hope for in the future. Rather, it is a deepening of the present, and unless you look for it in the present you will never find it.;Thomas Merton;hope
Be prepared, work hard, and hope for a little luck. Recognize that the harder you work and the better prepared you are, the more luck you might have.;Ed Bradley;hope
Man needs, for his happiness, not only the enjoyment of this or that, but hope and enterprise and change.;Bertrand Russell;hope
Conservatism is not about leaving people behind. Conservatism is about empowering people to catch up, to give them the tools at their disposable that make it possible for them to access all the hope, all the promise, all the opportunity that America offers. And our programs to help them should reflect that.;Marco Rubio;hope
Confidence is that feeling by which the mind embarks in great and honorable courses with a sure hope and trust in itself.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;hope
I hope that posterity will judge me kindly, not only as to the things which I have explained, but also to those which I have intentionally omitted so as to leave to others the pleasure of discovery.;Rene Descartes;hope
But what we call our despair is often only the painful eagerness of unfed hope.;George Eliot;hope
If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;hope
Litigant. A person about to give up his skin for the hope of retaining his bones.;Ambrose Bierce;hope
Woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love - and to put its trust in life.;Joseph Conrad;hope
When things are bad, we take comfort in the thought that they could always get worse. And when they are, we find hope in the thought that things are so bad they have to get better.;Malcolm Forbes;hope
While it is important for people to see your promise you must also remember that hope is the keeper of both happiness and disappointment, the father of both progress and failure.;Bryant H. McGill;hope
In a World where people are surrounded by darkness, ignorance and fear, it is a sign of hope to be celebrating Islam's message of peace and light, and the last great Messenger, born and chosen to deliver them to all mankind.;Cat Stevens;hope
Today's students can put dope in their veins or hope in their brains. If they can conceive it and believe it, they can achieve it. They must know it is not their aptitude but their attitude that will determine their altitude.;Jesse Jackson;hope
Every parent is at some time the father of the unreturned prodigal, with nothing to do but keep his house open to hope.;John Ciardi;hope
We should not moor a ship with one anchor, or our life with one hope.;Epictetus;hope
All the interests of my reason, speculative as well as practical, combine in the three following questions: 1. What can I know? 2. What ought I to do? 3. What may I hope?;Immanuel Kant;hope
Hope, deceiving as it is, serves at least to lead us to the end of our lives by an agreeable route.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;hope
