However greatly we distrust the sincerity of those we converse with, yet still we think they tell more truth to us than to anyone else.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;truth
Truth has no special time of its own. Its hour is now - always.;Albert Schweitzer;truth
Who never doubted, never half believed. Where doubt is, there truth is - it is her shadow.;Ambrose Bierce;truth
Above all, I would teach him to tell the truth Truth-telling, I have found, is the key to responsible citizenship. The thousands of criminals I have seen in 40 years of law enforcement have had one thing in common: Every single one was a liar.;J. Edgar Hoover;truth
Whatever satisfies the soul is truth.;Walt Whitman;truth
The truth of things is the chief nutriment of superior intellects.;Leonardo da Vinci;truth
Fiction is the truth inside the lie.;Stephen King;truth
Half a truth is better than no politics.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;truth
I have the terrible feeling that, because I am wearing a white beard and am sitting in the back of the theatre, you expect me to tell you the truth about something. These are the cheap seats, not Mount Sinai.;Orson Welles;truth
The best way to obtain truth and wisdom is not to ask from books, but to go to God in prayer, and obtain divine teaching.;Joseph Smith, Jr.;truth
Silence is the mother of truth.;Benjamin Disraeli;truth
Contradiction is not a sign of falsity, nor the lack of contradiction a sign of truth.;Blaise Pascal;truth
We know the truth, not only by the reason, but also by the heart.;Blaise Pascal;truth
Friendship at first sight, like love at first sight, is said to be the only truth.;Herman Melville;truth
To me a real patriot is like a real friend. Who's your real friend? It's the person who tells you the truth. That's who my real friends are. So, you know, I think as far as our country goes, we need more people who will do that.;Bill Maher;truth
Too much and too little wine. Give him none, he cannot find truth give him too much, the same.;Blaise Pascal;truth
Nothing gives rest but the sincere search for truth.;Blaise Pascal;truth
In matters of truth the fact that you don't want to publish something is, nine times out of ten, a proof that you ought to publish it.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;truth
Between falsehood and useless truth there is little difference. As gold which he cannot spend will make no man rich, so knowledge which cannot apply will make no man wise.;Samuel Johnson;truth
Romantic love is an illusion. Most of us discover this truth at the end of a love affair or else when the sweet emotions of love lead us into marriage and then turn down their flames.;Thomas Moore;truth
Something unpleasant is coming when men are anxious to tell the truth.;Benjamin Disraeli;truth
One truth stands firm. All that happens in world history rests on something spiritual. If the spiritual is strong, it creates world history. If it is weak, it suffers world history.;Albert Schweitzer;truth
Reality means you live until you die. The real truth is nobody wants reality.;Chuck Palahniuk;truth
Some counterfeits reproduce so very well the truth that it would be a flaw of judgment not to be deceived by them.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;truth
In order to properly understand the big picture, everyone should fear becoming mentally clouded and obsessed with one small section of truth.;Xun Zi;truth
Truth is a demure lady, much too ladylike to knock you on your head and drag you to her cave. She is there, but people must want her, and seek her out.;William F. Buckley, Jr.;truth
That which you create in beauty and goodness and truth lives on for all time to come. Don't spend your life accumulating material objects that will only turn to dust and ashes.;Denis Waitley;truth
The truth is, I'm proud of the life I've lived so far, and though I've made my share of mistakes, I have no regrets.;Carly Fiorina;truth
There are only two ways of telling the complete truth - anonymously and posthumously.;Thomas Sowell;truth
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.;Jane Austen;truth
It does not require many words to speak the truth.;Chief Joseph;truth
Your days are short here this is the last of your springs. And now in the serenity and quiet of this lovely place, touch the depths of truth, feel the hem of Heaven. You will go away with old, good friends. And don't forget when you leave why you came.;Adlai E. Stevenson;truth
I believe there's an inner power that makes winners or losers. And the winners are the ones who really listen to the truth of their hearts.;Sylvester Stallone;truth
One must know oneself. If this does not serve to discover truth, it at least serves as a rule of life and there is nothing better.;Blaise Pascal;truth
The opposite of a fact is falsehood, but the opposite of one profound truth may very well be another profound truth.;Niels Bohr;truth
The enlightenment is under threat. So is reason. So is truth. So is science, especially in the schools of America.;Richard Dawkins;truth
Truth is the daughter of time, not of authority.;Francis Bacon;truth
This is the truth: as from a fire aflame thousands of sparks come forth, even so from the Creator an infinity of beings have life and to him return again.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;truth
So near is falsehood to truth that a wise man would do well not to trust himself on the narrow edge.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;truth
Nature has planted in our minds an insatiable longing to see the truth.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;truth
Justice and truth are too such subtle points that our tools are too blunt to touch them accurately.;Blaise Pascal;truth
One of the reasons people hate politics is that truth is rarely a politician's objective. Election and power are.;Cal Thomas;truth
Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time.;Benjamin Disraeli;truth
In everything truth surpasses the imitation and copy.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;truth
Though men are apt to flatter and exalt themselves with their great achievements, yet these are, in truth, very often owing not so much to design as chance.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;truth
My parents, and librarians along the way, taught me about the space between words about the margins, where so many juicy moments of life and spirit and friendship could be found. In a library, you could find miracles and truth and you might find something that would make you laugh so hard that you get shushed, in the friendliest way.;Anne Lamott;truth
Today I bent the truth to be kind, and I have no regret, for I am far surer of what is kind than I am of what is true.;Robert Brault;truth
Like all dreamers, I mistook disenchantment for truth.;Jean-Paul Sartre;truth
Mental fight means thinking against the current, not with it. It is our business to puncture gas bags and discover the seeds of truth.;Virginia Woolf;truth
Justice is truth in action.;Benjamin Disraeli;truth
As long as I tell the truth I feel that nobody can touch me.;Henry Rollins;truth
I have always loved truth so passionately that I have often resorted to lying as a way of introducing it into the minds which were ignorant of its charms.;Giacomo Casanova;truth
I speak the truth not so much as I would, but as much as I dare, and I dare a little more as I grow older.;Michel de Montaigne;truth
What is earnest is not always true on the contrary, error is often more earnest than truth.;Benjamin Disraeli;truth
It is no great art to say something briefly when, like Tacitus, one has something to say when one has nothing to say, however, and none the less writes a whole book and makes truth into a liar - that I call an achievement.;Horace;truth
Falsehood is easy, truth so difficult.;George Eliot;truth
Truth has rough flavours if we bite it through.;George Eliot;truth
Find out who you are and be that person. That's what your soul was put on this Earth to be. Find that truth, live that truth and everything else will come.;Ellen DeGeneres;truth
Truth emerges more readily from error than from confusion.;Francis Bacon;truth
A writer's job is to tell the truth.;Andy Rooney;truth
Obama has no solutions. Obama has failed the country and its great citizens, and they don't like it when somebody such as myself speaks the truth about this - it hurts too much.;Donald Trump;truth
Falsehood has an infinity of combinations, but truth has only one mode of being.;Jean-Jacques Rousseau;truth
Opinions are made to be changed - or how is truth to be got at?;Lord Byron;truth
For truth is precious and divine, too rich a pearl for carnal swine.;Samuel Butler;truth
A day spent without the sight or sound of beauty, the contemplation of mystery, or the search of truth or perfection is a poverty-stricken day and a succession of such days is fatal to human life.;Lewis Mumford;truth
But what is Hope? Nothing but the paint on the face of Existence the least touch of truth rubs it off, and then we see what a hollow-cheeked harlot we have got hold of.;Lord Byron;truth
But whether it be dream or truth, to do well is what matters. If it be truth, for truth's sake. If not, then to gain friends for the time when we awaken.;Pedro Calderon de la Barca;truth
Truth is a good dog but always beware of barking too close to the heels of an error, lest you get your brains kicked out.;Francis Bacon;truth
For truth is always strange stranger than fiction.;Lord Byron;truth
Truth is so hard to tell, it sometimes needs fiction to make it plausible.;Francis Bacon;truth
Any fool can tell the truth, but it requires a man of some sense to know how to lie well.;Samuel Butler;truth
The dreamer can know no truth, not even about his dream, except by awaking out of it.;George Santayana;truth
Always speak the truth, think before you speak, and write it down afterwards.;Lewis Carroll;truth
It is a universal truth that the loss of liberty at home is to be charged to the provisions against danger, real or pretended, from abroad.;James Madison;truth
You know what the Englishman's idea of compromise is? He says, Some people say there is a God. Some people say there is no God. The truth probably lies somewhere between these two statements.;William Butler Yeats;truth
To the scientist there is the joy in pursuing truth which nearly counteracts the depressing revelations of truth.;H. P. Lovecraft;truth
If the Republicans will stop telling lies about the Democrats, we will stop telling the truth about them.;Adlai E. Stevenson;truth
I left in love, in laughter, and in truth, and wherever truth, love and laughter abide, I am there in spirit.;Bill Hicks;truth
Seldom, very seldom, does complete truth belong to any human disclosure seldom can it happen that something is not a little disguised, or a little mistaken.;Jane Austen;truth
All the principles of heaven and earth are living inside you. Life itself is truth, and this will never change. Everything in heaven and earth breathes. Breath is the thread that ties creation together.;Morihei Ueshiba;truth
It is more from carelessness about truth than from intentionally lying that there is so much falsehood in the world.;Samuel Johnson;truth
I think there ought to be a club in which preachers and journalists could come together and have the sentimentalism of the one matched with the cynicism of the other. That ought to bring them pretty close to the truth.;Reinhold Niebuhr;truth
Man can embody truth but he cannot know it.;William Butler Yeats;truth
A good man often appears gauche simply because he does not take advantage of the myriad mean little chances of making himself look stylish. Preferring truth to form, he is not constantly at work upon the facade of his appearance.;Alanis Morissette;truth
Believe those who are seeking the truth. Doubt those who find it.;Andre Gide;truth
I can prove anything by statistics except the truth.;George Canning;truth
Science is but an image of the truth.;Francis Bacon;truth
What I've discovered is that in art, as in music, there's a lot of truth-and then there's a lie. The artist is essentially creating his work to make this lie a truth, but he slides it in amongst all the others. The tiny little lie is the moment I live for, my moment. It's the moment that the audience falls in love.;Lady Gaga;truth
Tell the truth, but tell it slant.;Emily Dickinson;truth
Tell the truth. Sing with passion. Work with laughter. Love with heart. 'Cause that's all that matters in the end.;Kris Kristofferson;truth
A man must be both stupid and uncharitable who believes there is no virtue or truth but on his own side.;Joseph Addison;truth
There is never vulgarity in a whole truth, however commonplace. It may be unimportant or painful. It cannot be vulgar. Vulgarity is only in concealment of truth, or in affectation.;John Ruskin;truth
Poetry is the art of uniting pleasure with truth.;Samuel Johnson;truth
People will tell you anything but what they do is always the truth.;P. J. O'Rourke;truth
Science, my lad, is made up of mistakes, but they are mistakes which it is useful to make, because they lead little by little to the truth.;Jules Verne;truth
It is only a man's own fundamental thoughts that have truth and life in them. For it is these that he really and completely understands. To read the thoughts of others is like taking the remains of someone else's meal, like putting on the discarded clothes of a stranger.;Arthur Schopenhauer;truth
It seems a fantastic paradox, but it is nevertheless a most important truth, that no architecture can be truly noble which is not imperfect.;John Ruskin;truth
The truth is that life is delicious, horrible, charming, frightful, sweet, bitter, and that is everything.;Anatole France;truth
There is a tragic clash between Truth and the world. Pure undistorted truth burns up the world.;Nikolai Berdyaev;truth
