All women who kill or have sexual obsessions or who are prostitutes have trouble with their fathers.;Catherine Deneuve;women
I cannot imagine having a physical relationship with a woman. I have not done that. But I really love women.;Catherine Deneuve;women
Even if there are a lot women in films, there are few who are lesbians, that people know about.;Catherine Deneuve;women
I love Sweden. The entire world should be like Sweden. They all like to drink and get naked, and the women are hot. I can't think of a better nation on the planet.;Drew Curtis;women
We women know how to take care of everybody so well. But the one person we have written out of the equation is us.;Suze Orman;women
Our great symbol for the Goddess is the moon, whose three aspects reflect the three stages in women's lives and whose cycles of waxing and waning coincide with women's menstrual cycles.;Carol P. Christ;women
No one knows what women want!;Ian Somerhalder;women
Companies like I.B.M. have offered women scholarships to study engineering for years, and women engineers routinely get higher starting salaries than men.;Warren Farrell;women
Women have always been courageous... They are always fearless when protecting their children and in the last century they have been fearless in the fight for their rights.;Isabel Allende;women
I think all women have a friend who at some point dumped them or betrayed them or deeply disappointed them. And at the same time all women have a friend who they dumped or betrayed or hurt in some way. That's universal in women's friendships.;Lisa See;women
It's always wonderful to get to know women, with the mystery and the joy and the depth. If you can make a woman laugh, you're seeing the most beautiful thing on God's Earth.;Keanu Reeves;women
What has made America amazing has been the fact that throughout our history, throughout the more than 200 years of our history, there have been men and women of courage who stood up and decided it was more important to look out for the future of their children and their grandchildren than their own political futures.;Scott Walker;women
Soon we saw that money going to women brought much more benefit to the family than money going to the men. So we changed our policy and gave a high priority to women. As a result, now 96% of our four million borrowers in Grameen Bank are women.;Muhammad Yunus;women
I've always had the impression that real militants are like cleaning women, doing a thankless, daily but necessary job.;Francois Truffaut;women
There are women who take it to the wire. That's what they are looking for, the ultimate confrontation. They want a smack.;Sean Connery;women
I first became interested in women and religion when I was one of the few women doing graduate work in Religious Studies at Yale University in the late 1960's.;Carol P. Christ;women
The religious superstitions of women perpetuate their bondage more than all other adverse influences.;Elizabeth Cady Stanton;women
People identify with me - everyone does - African American women, Caucasian women, they all identify with me because I'm ethnic.;Janice Dickinson;women
Men like women who write. Even though they don't say so. A writer is a foreign country.;Marguerite Duras;women
All great enterprises have a pearl of faith at their core, and this must be ours: that Americans are still a people born to liberty. That they retain the capacity for self-government. That, addressed as free-born, autonomous men and women of God-given dignity, they will rise yet again to drive back a mortal enemy.;Mitch Daniels;women
I get along with all the women singers, but especially Dolly Parton. We talk the same hillbilly language.;Loretta Lynn;women
I figured out it was a social thing, what women were allowed to do. At a very young age, I decided I was not going to follow women's rules.;Joan Jett;women
Women are still second-class citizens.;Joan Jett;women
When I am cast in a movie where I feel that the woman's part is more interesting, I usually start thinking about Spencer Tracy and Fred Astaire. They seem to be the most clear actors when working with women.;Jack Nicholson;women
I can't hit on women in public any more. I didn't decide this it just doesn't feel right at my age.;Jack Nicholson;women
There were points in my life where I felt oddly irresistible to women. I'm not in that state now and that makes me sad.;Jack Nicholson;women
I merged those two words, black and feminist, because I was surrounded by black women who were very tough and and who always assumed they had to work and rear children and manage homes.;Toni Morrison;women
Women's rights is not only an abstraction, a cause it is also a personal affair. It is not only about us it is also about me and you. Just the two of us.;Toni Morrison;women
I think older women still have a full life.;Betty White;women
If you don't want women to do whatever they need to do then you must provide them with food, you must provide them with shelter and their basic human rights.;Emma Thompson;women
I wouldn't want my daughters to date a guy like me. I was dangerous around women in my twenties. I'm terrified that they might end up with someone like me.;Antonio Banderas;women
You can't be a great mum and work the whole time necessarily those two things aren't ideal. We have an awful lot to work on and to debate about in relation to our working lives, because it isn't working for a lot of people, particularly for a lot of women.;Emma Thompson;women
Show me a frigid women and, nine times out of ten, I'll show you a little man.;Julie Burchill;women
I'm not out burning bras, but I'm very opinionated about women owning their power.;Katherine Heigl;women
As with most liberal sexual ideas, what makes the world a better place for men invariably makes it a duller and more dangerous place for women.;Julie Burchill;women
Women, more often than not, do things which aren't remotely relaxing but are all about preening, which is just another sort of work.;Julie Burchill;women
People don't have fortunes left them in that style nowadays men have to work and women to marry for money. It's a dreadfully unjust world.;Louisa May Alcott;women
You know, when you don't go on TV and talk about how many women you sleep with, some people in Hollywood, that are supposedly 'in the know,' start whispering that you're gay. If I were gay, I wouldn't be ashamed to admit it, but I'm not.;Adam Sandler;women
Big women do themselves a disservice when they attempt to become the Righteous Fat (the Righteous Thin are bad enough, all that running around and sweating, somehow believing it means anything).;Julie Burchill;women
When I was first divorced, I started dating younger women, and it was really exciting. But after a while I was like, 'This is just dumb.';Louis C. K.;women
Lots of women love to accuse men of being immature when the fellow in question displays a reluctance to 'commit.';Julie Burchill;women
Women do not often fall in love with philosophers.;Samuel Richardson;women
I am firmly of the opinion that women who make a lot of effort to hang onto their looks in middle age (unless they are beauties, entertainers or prostitutes) are rather sad, as one should surely have something more substantial to recommend one by this time, such as kindness or cleverness.;Julie Burchill;women
Women are so much in love with compliments that rather than want them, they will compliment one another, yet mean no more by it than the men do.;Samuel Richardson;women
Can I just say here how much I hate the word 'pamper'? While pretending to celebrate and indulge women, it actually implies that their bodies are so revolting that even their 'me time' must be dedicated to turning them into living dolls if potential suitors are to be prevented from running screaming in horror.;Julie Burchill;women
It's easy to dislike the few senior women out there. What if women were half the positions in power? It would be harder to dislike all of them.;Sheryl Sandberg;women
There's something brave and touching about game girls of all ages keeping themselves smart in hard times - one thinks of those wonderful women during World War II drawing stocking seams in eyebrow pencil up the back of legs stained with gravy browning because nylons were so hard to get hold of.;Julie Burchill;women
If you ask men why they did a good job, they'll say, 'I'm awesome. Obviously. Why are you even asking?' If you ask women why they did a good job, what they'll say is someone helped them, they got lucky, they worked really hard.;Sheryl Sandberg;women
I don't really care what people tell children - when you believe in Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy, one more fib won't hurt. But I am infuriated by the growing notion, posited in some touchy-feely quarters, that all women are, or can be, beautiful.;Julie Burchill;women
Feminists wish women to seem like men. They're not men.;Vivienne Westwood;women
I have experienced jealousy, possessiveness, verbal abuse and violence from men, but I have also experienced jealousy, possessiveness, verbal abuse and violence from women, usually when I failed to respond to their advances.;Julie Burchill;women
Women are repeatedly accused of taking things personally. I cannot see any other honest way of taking them.;Marya Mannes;women
When did women whose looks are not their living start conducting themselves like the simpering inmates of an Ottoman empire seraglio?;Julie Burchill;women
I have yet to see a drama that puts forward women who are successful and have a family. Women are nearly always seen as victims.;Francesca Annis;women
Whenever we have thanked these men and women for what they have done for us, without exception they have expressed gratitude for having the chance to help - because they grew as they served.;Clayton Christensen;women
As a kid, I grew to define what I didn't want my life to be like by sitting behind moaning women on the bus, hearing them bang on about their aches and pains, both real and imagined.;Julie Burchill;women
Thank God we're not like America. Everyone wants to look like they're 20. In Europe we admire grown-up women I think men revere older women.;Francesca Annis;women
Women have no sympathy and my experience of women is almost as large as Europe.;Florence Nightingale;women
Most women are wise to the fact that lots of men love a cat-fight, and thus go out of their way not to give them one.;Julie Burchill;women
I have yet to see a drama that puts forward women who are successful and also have a family... they are nearly always seen as victims.;Francesca Annis;women
'Stress' was the catch-all every pamper-pedlar I spoke to used to explain why healthy women feel the need to be regularly patted, petted and preened into a state of babyish beatification.;Julie Burchill;women
Make no mistake, most women are well aware that they've never had it so good when they enter a spa or salon, it is purely a hair/nails thing, a prelude to an evening of guilt-free fun.;Julie Burchill;women
Now that women are jockeys, baseball umpires, atomic scientists, and business executives, maybe someday they can master parallel parking.;Bill Vaughan;women
Girls are infinitely more complicated than boys and women more than men. And there's no doubt about that. We just don't like to think about it. Certainly the men don't like to think about it.;Maurice Sendak;women
These women whose antics we smirk at good-naturedly in the pap-traps put themselves out there at least partly on their beauty they are in showbiz, and showing what they've got is part of their business as much as it is for male show-ponies from the Chippendales to George Clooney.;Julie Burchill;women
In individual industries where female labour pays an important role, any movement advocating better wages, shorter working hours, etc., would not be doomed from the start because of the attitude of those women workers who are not organized.;Clara Zetkin;women
No one knows 'men' as such, any more than anyone knows 'women,' and if they do generalise they're probably trying to hide their own ignorance. You might know one 'man,' yes, or even lots of individual 'men'.;Julie Burchill;women
Most women are dissatisfied with their appearance - it's the stuff that fuels the beauty and fashion industries.;Annie Lennox;women
Feminism is a word that I identify with. The term has become synonymous with vitriolic man-hating but it needs to come back to a place where both men and women can embrace it. It is particularly important for women in developing countries.;Annie Lennox;women
Women's issues have always been a part of my life.;Annie Lennox;women
It's hard to tell how far women's individuality has come in the past twenty years.;Annie Lennox;women
The more equality women have, the fairer, more civilized and tolerant society will be. Sexual equality is a lot more effective against terrorism than military strength.;Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero;women
Men need to understand, and women too, what feminism is really about.;Annie Lennox;women
They say I can open movies, and that's nice in that it puts into people's minds that women can do it. It's not just Kevin Costner, not just Arnold Schwarzenegger. Not just the guys.;Julia Roberts;women
It's unfortunate that we live in such a panicked, dysmorphic society where women don't even give themselves a chance to see what they'll look like as older persons. I want to have some idea of what I'll look like before I start cleaning the slates.;Julia Roberts;women
Women being pitted each other another in Hollywood is an old tactic, but it's not real at all.;Shirley MacLaine;women
I find a lot of inspiration in street style and watching women walk, the way they wear things and what they're wearing.;Maria Sharapova;women
Through my travels, I find inspiration in street style and how young women create their individual looks and identity.;Maria Sharapova;women
I also use women as a sex object maybe I'm kinky. However, I like to talk to them as well.;Oliver Reed;women
As to honor - you know - it's a very fine mediaeval inheritance which women never got hold of. It wasn't theirs.;Joseph Conrad;women
I like American women. They do things sexually Russian girls never dream of doing - like showering.;Yakov Smirnoff;women
The big mistake that men make is that when they turn thirteen or fourteen and all of a sudden they've reached puberty, they believe that they like women. Actually, you're just horny. It doesn't mean you like women any more at twenty-one than you did at ten.;George William Curtis;women
To honor our national promise to our veterans, we must continue to improve services for our men and women in uniform today and provide long overdue benefits for the veterans and military retirees who have already served.;Solomon Ortiz;women
Men's need to dominate women may be based in their own sense of marginality or emptiness we do not know its root, and men are making no effort to discover it.;Marilyn French;women
In New York, if you weigh under 200 pounds and decline so much as a cookie at a co-worker's party, women will flock to your side, assuring you of your appealing physique. This is how skittish we are about the dangers of anorexia and the pressures of body image.;Sloane Crosley;women
Childbearing is glorified in part because women die from it.;Andrea Dworkin;women
The common erotic project of destroying women makes it possible for men to unite into a brotherhood this project is the only firm and trustworthy groundwork for cooperation among males and all male bonding is based on it.;Andrea Dworkin;women
America's finest - our men and women in uniform, are a force for good throughout the world, and that is nothing to apologize for.;Sarah Palin;women
You can't leave out half the world's experience and expect to address all the problems. Women communicate differently and process information differently, which leads them to resolve conflicts differently.;Dee Dee Myers;women
If women are expected to do the same work as men, we must teach them the same things.;Saul Bellow;women
Women's sports is still in its infancy. The beginning of women's sports in the United States started in 1972, with the passage of Title 9 for girls to finally get athletic scholarships.;Billie Jean King;women
There's something incredibly sexy about sand and sweat and dunes photographed like women's backs.;Kristin Scott Thomas;women
Because of what's going on with the economy, I think women are realizing that maybe they don't need a closet full of clothes. They just need the right clothes.;Michael Kors;women
We older women in Europe are lucky not to be shoved away in a drawer.;Kristin Scott Thomas;women
I think a lot of romanticizing has gone on with the women's movement.;Doris Lessing;women
Often, the roles I'm offered in England are melancholic women who are filled with regret for the past, regret for their fading beauty.;Kristin Scott Thomas;women
Men are restless, adventurous. Women are conservative - despite what current ideology says.;Doris Lessing;women
Most films seem to be about a man and a women falling in love at some point and once you pass forty-five, it's almost disgusting to fall in love.;Kristin Scott Thomas;women
We had like a jolt of women in country, and it seems like we're just kind of there now.;Miranda Lambert;women
