Legend: A lie that has attained the dignity of age.;H. L. Mencken;history
History is a gallery of pictures in which there are few originals and many copies.;Alexis de Tocqueville;history
What is history but a fable agreed upon?;Napoleon Bonaparte;history
Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever.;Napoleon Bonaparte;history
The Marine Corps is the Navy's police force and as long as I am President that is what it will remain. They have a propaganda machine that is almost equal to Stalin's.;Harry S. Truman;history
Hubert Humphrey talks so fast that listening to him is like trying to read Playboy magazine with your wife turning the pages.;Barry Goldwater;history
The chief condition on which, life, health and vigor depend on, is action. It is by action that an organism develops its faculties, increases its energy, and attains the fulfillment of its destiny.;Colin Powell;history
Beware of endeavoring to become a great man in a hurry. One such attempt in ten thousand may succeed. These are fearful odds.;Benjamin Disraeli;history
Being president is like being a jackass in a hailstorm. There's nothing to do but to stand there and take it.;Lyndon B. Johnson;history
We used to root for the Indians against the cavalry, because we didn't think it was fair in the history books that when the cavalry won it was a great victory, and when the Indians won it was a massacre.;Dick Gregory;history
The most terrible job in warfare is to be a second lieutenant leading a platoon when you are on the battlefield.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;history
We cannot defend freedom abroad by deserting it at home.;Edward R. Murrow;history
90 percent of my time is spent on 10 percent of the world.;Colin Powell;history
I have noticed that nothing I never said ever did me any harm.;Calvin Coolidge;history
God cannot alter the past, though historians can.;Samuel Butler;history
Why should we honour those that die upon the field of battle? A man may show as reckless a courage in entering into the abyss of himself.;William Butler Yeats;history
They died hard, those savage men - like wounded wolves at bay. They were filthy, and they were lousy, and they stunk. And I loved them.;Douglas MacArthur;history
People are trapped in history and history is trapped in them.;James A. Baldwin;history
History is a pack of lies about events that never happened told by people who weren't there.;George Santayana;history
The greater the difficulty, the more the glory in surmounting it.;Epicurus;history
In the long term we can hope that religion will change the nature of man and reduce conflict. But history is not encouraging in this respect. The bloodiest wars in history have been religious wars.;Richard M. Nixon;history
Pearl Harbor caused our Nation to wholeheartedly commit to winning World War II, changing the course of our Nation's history and the world's future.;Joe Baca;history
History never looks like history when you are living through it.;John W. Gardner;history
Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe.;H. G. Wells;history
It was a Greek tragedy. Nixon was fulfilling his own nature. Once it started it could not end otherwise.;Henry A. Kissinger;history
The deliberate and deadly attacks which were carried out yesterday against our country were more than acts of terror. They were acts of war.;George W. Bush;history
It is necessary for me to establish a winner image. Therefore, I have to beat somebody.;Richard M. Nixon;history
I can see clearly now... that I was wrong in not acting more decisively and more forthrightly in dealing with Watergate.;Richard M. Nixon;history
People that are really very weird can get into sensitive positions and have a tremendous impact on history.;Dan Quayle;history
Could I have but a line a century hence crediting a contribution to the advance of peace, I would yield every honor which has been accorded by war.;Douglas MacArthur;history
History is a cyclic poem written by time upon the memories of man.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;history
What is sad for women of my generation is that they weren't supposed to work if they had families. What were they going to do when the children are grown - watch the raindrops coming down the window pane?;Jackie Kennedy;history
Following the light of the sun, we left the Old World.;Christopher Columbus;history
Be as a tower firmly set Shakes not its top for any blast that blows.;Dante Alighieri;history
It is impossible to predict the time and progress of revolution. It is governed by its own more or less mysterious laws.;Vladimir Lenin;history
The man who is swimming against the stream knows the strength of it.;Woodrow Wilson;history
History is a vast early warning system.;Norman Cousins;history
You must pursue this investigation of Watergate even if it leads to the president. I'm innocent. You've got to believe I'm innocent. If you don't, take my job.;Richard M. Nixon;history
The Russians feared Ike. They didn't fear me.;Lyndon B. Johnson;history
Seek freedom and become captive of your desires. Seek discipline and find your liberty.;Frank Herbert;history
Civilization is a movement and not a condition, a voyage and not a harbor.;Arnold J. Toynbee;history
It takes an endless amount of history to make even a little tradition.;Henry James;history
Difficulty is the excuse history never accepts.;Edward R. Murrow;history
Fear of serious injury alone cannot justify oppression of free speech and assembly. Men feared witches and burnt women. It is the function of speech to free men from the bondage of irrational fears.;Louis D. Brandeis;history
Chaos often breeds life, when order breeds habit.;Henry Adams;history
A truly American sentiment recognizes the dignity of labor and the fact that honor lies in honest toil.;Grover Cleveland;history
It is the soothing thing about history that it does repeat itself.;Gertrude Stein;history
We, therefore, here in Britain stand shoulder to shoulder with our American friends in this hour of tragedy, and we, like them, will not rest until this evil is driven from our world.;Tony Blair;history
History is the sum total of things that could have been avoided.;Konrad Adenauer;history
World War II was the last government program that really worked.;George Will;history
History is indeed little more than the register of the crimes, follies, and misfortunes of mankind.;Edward Gibbon;history
Statutes authorizing unreasonable searches were the core concern of the framers of the 4th Amendment.;Sandra Day O'Connor;history
Russians can give you arms but only the United States can give you a solution.;Anwar Sadat;history
There are no extraordinary men... just extraordinary circumstances that ordinary men are forced to deal with.;William Halsey;history
Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done.;Louis D. Brandeis;history
It's a very good historical book about history.;Dan Quayle;history
Despise the enemy strategically, but take him seriously tactically.;Mao Zedong;history
Be assured those will be thy worst enemies, not to whom thou hast done evil, but who have done evil to thee. And those will be thy best friends, not to whom thou hast done good, but who have done good to thee.;Tacitus;history
When the rich think about the poor, they have poor ideas.;Evita Peron;history
I have tried to lift France out of the mud. But she will return to her errors and vomitings. I cannot prevent the French from being French.;Charles de Gaulle;history
I come into the peace of wild things who do not tax their lives with forethought of grief... For a time I rest in the grace of the world, and am free.;Wendell Berry;history
Honor is not the exclusive property of any political party.;Herbert Hoover;history
No greater nor more affectionate honor can be conferred on an American than to have a public school named after him.;Herbert Hoover;history
Failure is impossible.;Susan B. Anthony;history
I cannot lead you into battle. I do not give you laws or administer justice but I can do something else - I can give my heart and my devotion to these old islands and to all the peoples of our brotherhood of nations.;Queen Elizabeth II;history
I'm the only person of distinction who has ever had a depression named for him.;Herbert Hoover;history
Although... the Chief Magistrate must almost of necessity be chosen by a party and stand pledged to its principles and measures, yet in his official action he should not be the President of a party only, but of the whole people of the United States.;James K. Polk;history
If we celebrate Martin Luther King Jr.'s birthday at a time of presidential inaugurals, this is thanks to Ronald Reagan who created the holiday, and not to the Democratic Congress of the Carter years, which rejected it.;David Horowitz;history
The past actually happened but history is only what someone wrote down.;A. Whitney Brown;history
Friendship is a word, the very sight of which in print makes the heart warm.;Augustine Birrell;history
The past is really almost as much a work of the imagination as the future.;Jessamyn West;history
I wouldn't attach too much importance to these student riots. I remember when I was a student at the Sorbonne in Paris, I used to go out and riot occasionally.;John Foster Dulles;history
The more bombers, the less room for doves of peace.;Nikita Khrushchev;history
Never doubt that you can change history. You already have.;Marge Piercy;history
History is a tool used by politicians to justify their intentions.;Ted Koppel;history
The future has a way of arriving unannounced.;George Will;history
Time is my greatest enemy.;Evita Peron;history
History is a vision of God's creation on the move.;Arnold J. Toynbee;history
September 11th was a moment when America had the sympathy of the world.;Tom Ford;history
All truly historical peoples have an idea they must realize, and when they have sufficiently exploited it at home, they export it, in a certain way, by war they make it tour the world.;Victor Cousin;history
The fleet sailed to its war base in the North Sea, headed not so much for some rendezvous with glory as for rendezvous with discretion.;Barbara Tuchman;history
Keeping books on social aid is capitalistic nonsense. I just use the money for the poor. I can't stop to count it.;Evita Peron;history
Stonehenge was built possibly by the Minoans. It presents one of man's first attempts to order his view of the outside world.;Stephen Gardiner;history
One who comes to the Court must come to adore, not to protest. That's the new gloss on the 1st Amendment.;William O. Douglas;history
Open markets offer the only realistic hope of pulling billions of people in developing countries out of abject poverty, while sustaining prosperity in the industrialized world.;Kofi Annan;history
The object of my relationship with Vietnam has been to heal the wounds that exist, particularly among our veterans, and to move forward with a positive relationship,... Apparently some in the Vietnamese government don't want to do that and that's their decision.;Ho Chi Minh;history
I haven't, in the 23 years that I have been in the uniformed services of the United States of America, ever violated an order - not one.;Oliver North;history
Tell the FBI that the kidnappers should pick out a judge that Nixon wants back.;William O. Douglas;history
Whether in chains or in laurels, liberty knows nothing but victories.;Wendell Phillips;history
You have to look at history as an evolution of society.;Jean Chretien;history
Dad, I'm in some trouble. There's been an accident and you're going to hear all sorts of things about me from now on. Terrible things.;Edward Kennedy;history
Peace, plenty, and contentment reign throughout our borders, and our beloved country presents a sublime moral spectacle to the world.;James K. Polk;history
Libraries are not made, they grow.;Augustine Birrell;history
They can shout down the head of the physics department at Cal Tech.;James Stockdale;history
The judicial system is the most expensive machine ever invented for finding out what happened and what to do about it.;Irving R. Kaufman;history
Something as curious as the monarchy won't survive unless you take account of people's attitudes. After all, if people don't want it, they won't have it.;Prince Charles;history
Generally speaking, historically in this country, the care of a child has been thought of as female business.;Eddie Bernice Johnson;history
Terrorism takes us back to ages we thought were long gone if we allow it a free hand to corrupt democratic societies and destroy the basic rules of international life.;Jacques Chirac;history
The construction of Europe is an art. It is the art of the possible.;Jacques Chirac;history
