When I come home from a shoot, I'd rather reheat food I've made than eat takeout.;Ted Allen;food
I've always hoped 'Chopped' would telegraph our enormous affection and love and admiration for chefs and food, but at the same time, we are inflicting extraordinary cruelty on them.;Ted Allen;food
In recent years, I've been writing because I'm fortunate enough to work in the world of food television, to travel and taste and learn about cooking from the best chefs in the business.;Ted Allen;food
Believe me, I understand the need for easy and speedy. After a 12-hour day of shooting 'Chopped,' say, I'm talking stir-fry, spaghetti, heck, peanut-butter sandwiches. But that's not about the joy of food. That's survival.;Ted Allen;food
I think what I do differently from a lot of TV chefs is that I break down barriers and make fine food more accessible to the regular person, who might be intimidated. I try hard, particularly with wine, to make it not intimidating. It's sort of a teaching job.;Ted Allen;food
The interesting thing is, while we die of diseases of affluence from eating all these fatty meats, our poor brethren in the developing world die of diseases of poverty, because the land is not used now to grow food grain for their families.;Jeremy Rifkin;food
Back in 1983, the United States government approved the release of the first genetically modified organism. In this case, it was a bacteria that prevents frost on food crops.;Jeremy Rifkin;food
I love food and I love my curves.;Jordin Sparks;food
I used to eat because food tastes so good. I love food, it's one of the best things on this planet. But I changed the way I was thinking. I started asking myself, 'Hey, am I eating because it tastes good? Or because I really need some more? Am I really still hungry?';Jordin Sparks;food
I don't enjoy good food. I don't enjoy flashy cars. I don't care if I live in a dump. I don't enjoy good clothes. This is the best I've dressed in months.;Jack Kevorkian;food
It's all about who's where on the food chain. When I'm the story editor, I expect my writers to follow my vision. When I'm working for another editor, I'm obliged to follow their vision.;Len Wein;food
I moved to New York last year and I love it. It's a huge change and I've always wanted to spend time there. It's like a more intense London, and everything's up a few notches. The lights are brighter, the pace is faster and the food's better.;Rachel Weisz;food
And I think of that again as I've written in several of my beauty books, a lot of health comes from the proper eating habits, which are something that - you know, I come from a generation that wasn't - didn't have a lot of food.;Joan Collins;food
There are pockets of great food in Spain, but there are also pockets of very mediocre food in Spain, and the same in Morocco and the same in Croatia and the same in Germany and the same in Austria.;Mario Batali;food
Finishing food is about the tiny touches. In the last seconds you can change everything.;Mario Batali;food
Everyone makes pesto in a food processor. But the texture is better with a mortar and pestle, and it's just as fast.;Mario Batali;food
As far away as you can get from the process of mechanisms and machinery, the more likely your food's going to taste good. And that - that is probably the largest thing I can hand to anybody is let your hands touch it. Let them make it.;Mario Batali;food
When you cut that eggplant up and you roast it in the oven and you make the tomato sauce and you put it on top, your soul is in that food, and there's something about that that can never be made by a company that has three million employees.;Mario Batali;food
Bologna is the best city in Italy for food and has the least number of tourists. With its medieval beauty, it has it all.;Mario Batali;food
Shop often, shop hard, and spend for the best stuff available - logic dictates that you can make delicious food only with delicious ingredients.;Mario Batali;food
Unlike curing cancer or heart disease, we already know how to beat hunger: food.;Mario Batali;food
I was at a party, and some squiggly looking dude with a bow tie came up and said, 'How'd you like to be on TV?' Turns out he was the programming guy at the Food Network. They had me come into the office, and I did a 'Ready, Set, Cook' with Emeril Lagasse, I believe.;Mario Batali;food
Cookbooks have all become baroque and very predictable. I'm looking for something different. A lot of chefs' cookbooks are food as it's done in the restaurants, but they are dumbed down, and I hate it when they dumb them down.;Mario Batali;food
My last meal? The food would be much less significant than the company.;Mario Batali;food
When I was growing up in Mississippi - it was good Southern food... but I also grew up with a Greek family when other kids were eating fried okra, we were eating steamed artichokes. So I think it played a big part in my healthy cooking.;Cat Cora;food
My Mom always cooked healthy. Greek food lends itself to cooking healthy.;Cat Cora;food
I think the biggest thing is clean as you go. Wash all your knives, cutting boards, dishes, when you are done cooking, not look at a sink full of dishes after you are done. Cleaning as you go helps keep away cross contamination and you avoid having food borne bacteria.;Cat Cora;food
It's fun to pick a cuisine and say I'm going to research Ethiopian food, and see what it's all about. You find that there are a lot of similarities in cuisines from around the world and a lot of similar flavors.;Cat Cora;food
We incorporated new tastes and flavors into our kids' diets from a very early age, which helped to develop their palates and prevented them from becoming picky eaters. We don't buy junk food and give them options of fresh fruit, yogurt, raw almonds, or dried whole grain cereals for snack time.;Cat Cora;food
I would like a food/lifestyle show. We're not sure what that is yet. I want to be able to share what I do and how I raise my family. I feel like I have a story to tell. I enjoy talking and listening, sharing ideas and sharing advice.;Cat Cora;food
Chronic malnutrition, or the lack of proper nutrition over time directly contributes to three times as many child deaths as food scarcity. Yet surprisingly, you don't really hear about this hidden crisis through the morning news, Twitter or headlines of major newspapers.;Cat Cora;food
I think about food all the time. It's my passion it's my profession. But some people think about food all the time because they're hungry. We can put an end to this if we join forces and lend a hand.;Cat Cora;food
I think people are more savvy about cooking, food and dining. I notice they are looking for more value for their money - not in larger portions but more in terms of healthier, fresh, farm-to-table dishes with a nice presentation.;Cat Cora;food
I like to abide by the seasons and let the natural flavor in food speak for itself. I use quick cooking techniques of high heat with very little fat, such as quick saute or wok stir-frying.;Cat Cora;food
I add a lot of citrus to my food and I think that flavors it. And, to me, that what makes it healthier, lower in fat, lower in calories. It adds lots of flavor. Spices, of course. But citrus is definitely kind of my go-to to season and really to really make those flavors, make that food come alive.;Cat Cora;food
Even more importantly, it's wine, food and the arts. Incorporating those three enhances the quality of life.;Robert Mondavi;food
Don't you have a machine that puts food into the mouth and pushes it down?;Nikita Khrushchev;food
When my work gets crazy, I make sure to always have vitamins, water and proper food with me. That has helped me to lose 33 pounds.;Carnie Wilson;food
When you love food as much as I do, staying healthy is not easy. I mean, moderation, not deprivation. That's my new way of living. I always want more and that's just my life.;Carnie Wilson;food
I used food as a coping mechanism for many, many years, and it was my best friend for a long time.;Carnie Wilson;food
Food decisions - do I eat this or not? - are always going to be there.;Carnie Wilson;food
I always think I am one of the millions and millions of people that struggles with an addiction to food. I don't know how to relax, that's my problem.;Carnie Wilson;food
My work has also motivated me to put a lot of time into seeking out good food and to spend more money on it.;Michael Pollan;food
In addition to contributing to erosion, pollution, food poisoning, and the dead zone, corn requires huge amounts of fossil fuel - it takes a half gallon of fossil fuel to produce a bushel of corn.;Michael Pollan;food
I just like food too much, and I don't want to change. I spent so much of childhood trying to change, and I just got sick of it... I don't want to look like Britney Spears, I just don't want to. She's hideous.;Beth Ditto;food
Olympia was a town crawling with music. I was new to the whole punk scene. The culture shock continued Olympia had bagels! We didn't have bagels in Arkansas. You could order vegetarian food all over town! It was so crazy to me - a place with so many vegetarians, the restaurants made special dishes for them?;Beth Ditto;food
If my daughter wants to get into this business, I would support that decision. She's going to have a hard time not being in it. She loves food and she's around it all the time.;Bobby Flay;food
For me, it's all about moderation. I don't kick things out of my diet, like carbs. But I'm not going to eat fast food.;Bobby Flay;food
When I go to a restaurant, I eat three-quarters of the food in front of me. That cuts my calorie intake by 25 percent.;Bobby Flay;food
'The Food Network' was just starting in New York, and I was getting lots of attention from Mesa Grill. They had no money, so if you couldn't get there by subway, you couldn't be on. It wasn't like TV was something I really wanted to do - but I knew it would be great publicity for my restaurants.;Bobby Flay;food
I wasn't passionate about food until I'd been cooking for a while. I started long before food became part of the mainstream media. I just wanted to cook, period.;Bobby Flay;food
Nobody believed the 'Food Network' could last. Even I was short sighted and thought to myself, 24 hours of food on TV? They'll run out of things to talk about in four days! But that wasn't true. 'Food Network' continues to get better and evolve.;Bobby Flay;food
Don't try to be the next Rachael Ray or Bobby Flay, we already have those people. We want someone who is going to make their own mark on 'Food Network.';Bobby Flay;food
Basically, there are two things we know: Everybody has less time, and the general public is demanding better food - better in terms of quality and better in terms of flavor.;Bobby Flay;food
I couldn't relate to kid stuff. 'Jimmy doesn't like me!' Who cares? I was worried we didn't have gas money or food. Those were my concerns.;Leighton Meester;food
I don't let it bother me too much if someone doesn't like me. I just figure there's no accounting for taste. It's not me, it's my acting. It's like if someone doesn't like someone's food, they just don't like my acting.;Anna Chlumsky;food
Well mine is not gimmicky - it is the 6 food groups that God made, and exercising every day. Trying to think positively.;Richard Simmons;food
Progress would not have been the rarity it is if the early food had not been the late poison.;Walter Bagehot;food
The number one mistake is giving pets table scraps. I made the mistake thinking I was showing my dog love by giving her food and treats. You see a tiny 4 oz. piece of cheese, but for a Boston Terrier like mine, that's like one and a half hamburgers. That's unhealthy.;Alison Sweeney;food
There are times, like after a long day of work, when the thought of an easy drive-through is enticing. But then I remember how crappy I felt when I ate fast food in the past, and it inspires me to head to the grocery store or my local farmer's market and whip up an easy but healthier option.;Alison Sweeney;food
I have encouraged my kids to eat well from day one. I add flavor - herbs and spices - to everything because I don't want them getting used to starchy, bland food. I also want them to experiment - they don't have to love everything, but they do have to try it.;Alison Sweeney;food
I try to eat in a way that makes me feel good. If that means a little bite of chocolate I do that, but I try not to use food as a reward for myself.;Jennifer Garner;food
If there is to be any hope of prosperity for this country it is by reversing that policy which made us simply the kitchen garden for supplying the British with cheap food.;Eamon de Valera;food
Eating when you're not hungry and taking in that amount of food is exhausting.;Chris Hemsworth;food
Just because the Americans are so good at rattling out accessible and cheap junk food, nobody looks twice when it comes to their food. But there are golden nuggets everywhere.;Jamie Oliver;food
He looked about as inconspicuous as a tarantula on a slice of angel food.;Raymond Chandler;food
I'm lucky because my dad taught me to be frugal and save. And that's important because I want to know that I don't have to take an acting job for two or three years if I don't want to and that I'll still be able to make my house and car payments and buy food for my dogs.;Ashley Greene;food
I've worked on films where the budgets are almost limitless and you're in trailers that are bigger than a hotel room. You're taken care of and the food is amazing, the quality of the job is amazing and then you work on smaller things but it never dictates my happiness or my willingness to go to work.;Dominic Monaghan;food
I am your fairy tale. Your dream. Your wishes and desires, and I am your thirst and your hunger and your food and your drink.;Klaus Kinski;food
The music I do is food... that will be your dinner.;Ziggy Marley;food
A society that thinks the choice between ways of living is just a choice between equally eligible 'lifestyles' turns universities into academic cafeterias offering junk food for the mind.;George Will;food
I love to cook so much. I like to cook everything. I really like to eat my food.;Lea Michele;food
No matter where I've been overseas, the food stinks, except in Italy.;Carmen Electra;food
I love food, I love eating.;Robin Gibb;food
I don't have a dime left. I am dependent on my friends for food and a small old-age pension.;Bela Lugosi;food
Well, food's always the way to anybody's heart, I think, guy or girl.;Josh Hutcherson;food
People need dreams, there's as much nourishment in 'em as food.;Dorothy Gilman;food
People come up to me all the time and say, 'Oh, I love to watch Food Network,' and I ask them what they cook, and they say, 'I don't really cook.' They're afraid, they're intimidated, they know all about food from eating out and watching TV, but they don't know where to start in their own kitchen.;Michael Symon;food
Somewhere between 50 to 60 percent of the food you eat has been touched by immigrant hands, and it is fair to say some of them are not here as they should be here. But if you didn't have these folks, you would be spending a lot more - three, four or five times more - for food, or we would have to import food and have all the food security risks.;Tom Vilsack;food
Local and regional food systems are about opportunity.;Tom Vilsack;food
The food pyramid is very complicated. It doesn't give you as much info in a quick glance as the plate does.;Tom Vilsack;food
You know, rural Americans are a special people. Their labor puts food on our table and fuel in our gas tanks. Their service in our military sets a powerful example of leadership, honor and sacrifice. Their spirit of community inspires us all.;Tom Vilsack;food
Let us build a 21st-century rural economy of cutting-edge companies and technologies that lead us to energy and food security. Such an investment will revitalize rural America, re-establish our moral leadership on climate security and eliminate our addiction to foreign oil.;Tom Vilsack;food
Food during my early years was a very difficult issue for me. I grew up in an addictive family. My mother had serious problems with alcohol and prescription drugs. I was an overweight kid. I can remember back in those days there weren't the strategies that there are today to deal with those issues.;Tom Vilsack;food
Food is a fairly significant aspect of my life. I have struggled mightily with food. With my weight. And I'm conscious of it. So I have a sensitivity to people who struggle with their weight.;Tom Vilsack;food
If you think of what food is, it's the energy we use to do our daily work. I want people to know about the USDA. This is a very important department. It's not fully appreciated as such.;Tom Vilsack;food
You know how you wake up in the morning and sometimes you look gorgeous and other times you look like you got hit by a mack truck? I realized that my mack truck is food. If I have no sugar, yeast or wine, I have no undereye bags and my skin is perfect.;Mariska Hargitay;food
As long as there's pasta and Chinese food in the world, I'm okay.;Michael Chang;food
All artists are people of growth. It's like food, you take the good and leave the rest.;Andrew Jack;food
Compassion is a call, a demand of nature, to relieve the unhappy as hunger is a natural call for food.;Joseph Butler;food
My feeling is that labels are for canned food... I am what I am - and I know what I am.;Michael Stipe;food
I love home cooking, and I'm not a great one for fast food.;Bear Grylls;food
When I'm filming, survival requires movement. You need your energy, and you've got to eat the bad stuff, and survival food is rarely pretty, but you kind of do it. I get in that zone, and I eat the nasty stuff, but I'm not like that when I'm back home.;Bear Grylls;food
Jackie Chan is a very good comedy/martial arts star. He does one kind of martial arts that Jet Li doesn't know how to do and Jet Li does a martial art that Jackie Chan doesn't know how to do. You can both go to two Chinese restaurants, but both can have different kinds of food.;Jet Li;food
I only like food without color, like potatoes, bread, and pasta.;Emma Roberts;food
Stuffing is my favorite food in the world! I actually have been known to go buy stuffing and make it in the middle of summer.;Emma Roberts;food
Food is for eating, and good food is to be enjoyed... I think food is, actually, very beautiful in itself.;Delia Smith;food
When you're out grocery shopping for your family, maybe you can put a can of cat or dog food in your cart and bring it to an animal relief center.;Rachael Ray;food
I don't categorize food as bad or a guilty pleasure.;Rachael Ray;food
