Courage is like love it must have hope for nourishment.;Napoleon Bonaparte;courage
Courage is knowing what not to fear.;Plato;courage
Real nobility is based on scorn, courage, and profound indifference.;Albert Camus;courage
It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else.;Erma Bombeck;courage
My message to you all is of hope, courage and confidence. Let us mobilize all our resources in a systematic and organized way and tackle the grave issues that confront us with grim determination and discipline worthy of a great nation.;Muhammad Ali Jinnah;courage
Believers, look up - take courage. The angels are nearer than you think.;Billy Graham;courage
God grant me the courage not to give up what I think is right even though I think it is hopeless.;Chester W. Nimitz;courage
All of us have moments in our lives that test our courage. Taking children into a house with a white carpet is one of them.;Erma Bombeck;courage
Change will never happen when people lack the ability and courage to see themselves for who they are.;Bryant H. McGill;courage
Character contributes to beauty. It fortifies a woman as her youth fades. A mode of conduct, a standard of courage, discipline, fortitude, and integrity can do a great deal to make a woman beautiful.;Jacqueline Bisset;courage
A mode of conduct, a standard of courage, discipline, fortitude and integrity can do a great deal to make a woman beautiful.;Jacqueline Bisset;courage
Give us grace and strength to forbear and to persevere. Give us courage and gaiety and the quiet mind, spare to us our friends, soften to us our enemies.;Robert Louis Stevenson;courage
I have a hat. It is graceful and feminine and give me a certain dignity, as if I were attending a state funeral or something. Someday I may get up enough courage to wear it, instead of carrying it.;Erma Bombeck;courage
My mother taught me about the power of inspiration and courage, and she did it with a strength and a passion that I wish could be bottled.;Carly Fiorina;courage
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others.;Robert Louis Stevenson;courage
Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed.;Dale Carnegie;courage
Life is to be entered upon with courage.;Alexis de Tocqueville;courage
Every human being on this earth is born with a tragedy, and it isn't original sin. He's born with the tragedy that he has to grow up... a lot of people don't have the courage to do it.;Helen Hayes;courage
I've been through it all, baby, I'm mother courage.;Elizabeth Taylor;courage
And I love that even in the toughest moments, when we're all sweating it - when we're worried that the bill won't pass, and it seems like all is lost - Barack never lets himself get distracted by the chatter and the noise. Just like his grandmother, he just keeps getting up and moving forward... with patience and wisdom, and courage and grace.;Michelle Obama;courage
A wise woman recognizes when her life is out of balance and summons the courage to act to correct it, she knows the meaning of true generosity, happiness is the reward for a life lived in harmony, with a courage and grace.;Suze Orman;courage
We need to find the courage to say no to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity.;Barbara de Angelis;courage
Untutored courage is useless in the face of educated bullets.;George S. Patton;courage
Courage is almost a contradiction in terms. It means a strong desire to live taking the form of readiness to die.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;courage
The first virtue in a soldier is endurance of fatigue courage is only the second virtue.;Napoleon Bonaparte;courage
There can be no failure to a man who has not lost his courage, his character, his self respect, or his self-confidence. He is still a King.;Orison Swett Marden;courage
Two qualities are indispensable: first, an intellect that, even in the darkest hour, retains some glimmerings of the inner light which leads to truth and second, the courage to follow this faint light wherever it may lead.;Karl Von Clausewitz;courage
Many a man will have the courage to die gallantly, but will not have the courage to say, or even to think, that the cause for which he is asked to die is an unworthy one.;Bertrand Russell;courage
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;courage
Healing takes courage, and we all have courage, even if we have to dig a little to find it.;Tori Amos;courage
Goodness is about character - integrity, honesty, kindness, generosity, moral courage, and the like. More than anything else, it is about how we treat other people.;Dennis Prager;courage
If human beings had genuine courage, they'd wear their costumes every day of the year, not just on Halloween.;Doug Coupland;courage
There is nothing in the world so much admired as a man who knows how to bear unhappiness with courage.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;courage
I have seen in the Halls of Congress more idealism, more humanness, more compassion, more profiles of courage than in any other institution that I have ever known.;Hubert H. Humphrey;courage
Courage and grace are a formidable mixture. The only place to see it is in the bullring.;Marlene Dietrich;courage
No matter what you think about the Iraq war, there is one thing we can all agree on for the next days - we have to salute the courage and bravery of those who are risking their lives to vote and those brave Iraqi and American soldiers fighting to protect their right to vote.;Hillary Clinton;courage
The courage we desire and prize is not the courage to die decently, but to live manfully.;Thomas Carlyle;courage
Just remaining quietly in the presence of God, listening to Him, being attentive to Him, requires a lot of courage and know-how.;Thomas Merton;courage
The paradox of courage is that a man must be a little careless of his life even in order to keep it.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;courage
Just as courage imperils life, fear protects it.;Leonardo da Vinci;courage
There can be no great courage where there is no confidence or assurance, and half the battle is in the conviction that we can do what we undertake.;Orison Swett Marden;courage
We need men with moral courage to speak and write their real thoughts, and to stand by their convictions, even to the very death.;Robert Green Ingersoll;courage
The weak in courage is strong in cunning.;William Blake;courage
Freedom is the sure possession of those alone who have the courage to defend it.;Pericles;courage
You will find as you grow older that courage is the rarest of all qualities to be found in public life.;Benjamin Disraeli;courage
Every day begins with an act of courage and hope: getting out of bed.;Mason Cooley;courage
A team is where a boy can prove his courage on his own. A gang is where a coward goes to hide.;Mickey Mantle;courage
Each person has inside a basic decency and goodness. If he listens to it and acts on it, he is giving a great deal of what it is the world needs most. It is not complicated but it takes courage. It takes courage for a person to listen to his own goodness and act on it.;Pablo Casals;courage
It is a blessed thing that in every age some one has had the individuality enough and courage enough to stand by his own convictions.;Robert Green Ingersoll;courage
The opposite of courage in our society is not cowardice, it is conformity.;Rollo May;courage
Perfect courage is to do without witnesses what one would be capable of doing with the world looking on.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;courage
Courage can't see around corners but goes around them anyway.;Mignon McLaughlin;courage
Courage and willingness to just go for it, whether it is a conversation or a spontaneous trip or trying new things that are scary - it is a really attractive quality.;Alanis Morissette;courage
Earth teach me to forget myself as melted snow forgets its life. Earth teach me resignation as the leaves which die in the fall. Earth teach me courage as the tree which stands all alone. Earth teach me regeneration as the seed which rises in the spring.;William Alexander;courage
The only courage that matters is the kind that gets you from one moment to the next.;Mignon McLaughlin;courage
Half a century ago, the amazing courage of Rosa Parks, the visionary leadership of Martin Luther King, and the inspirational actions of the civil rights movement led politicians to write equality into the law and make real the promise of America for all her citizens.;David Cameron;courage
Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman, before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish into air.;John Quincy Adams;courage
In the Soviet army it takes more courage to retreat than advance.;Joseph Stalin;courage
Courage without conscience is a wild beast.;Robert Green Ingersoll;courage
Eccentricity has always abounded when and where strength of character had abounded and the amount of eccentricity in a society has generally been proportional to the amount of genius, mental vigor, and courage which it contained.;John Stuart Mill;courage
Why should we honour those that die upon the field of battle? A man may show as reckless a courage in entering into the abyss of himself.;William Butler Yeats;courage
Let's drink to the spirit of gallantry and courage that made a strange Heaven out of unbelievable Hell, and let's drink to the hope that one day this country of ours, which we love so much, will find dignity and greatness and peace again.;Noel Coward;courage
To dare to live alone is the rarest courage since there are many who had rather meet their bitterest enemy in the field, than their own hearts in their closet.;Charles Caleb Colton;courage
Traits like humility, courage, and empathy are easily overlooked - but it's immensely important to find them in your closest relationships.;Laura Linney;courage
He who knows no hardships will know no hardihood. He who faces no calamity will need no courage. Mysterious though it is, the characteristics in human nature which we love best grow in a soil with a strong mixture of troubles.;Harry Emerson Fosdick;courage
Valor is stability, not of legs and arms, but of courage and the soul.;Michel de Montaigne;courage
It is courage, courage, courage, that raises the blood of life to crimson splendor. Live bravely and present a brave front to adversity.;Horace;courage
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.;Earl Nightingale;courage
Courage consists not in hazarding without fear but being resolutely minded in a just cause.;Plutarch;courage
To create one's world in any of the arts takes courage.;Georgia O'Keeffe;courage
The kind of beauty I want most is the hard-to-get kind that comes from within - strength, courage, dignity.;Ruby Dee;courage
Genius is talent set on fire by courage.;Henry Van Dyke;courage
We've begun to raise daughters more like sons... but few have the courage to raise our sons more like our daughters.;Gloria Steinem;courage
Despair gives courage to a coward.;Thomas Fuller;courage
Life is the most exciting opportunity we have. But we have one shot. You graduate from college once, and that's it. You're going out of that nest. And you have to find that courage that's deep, deep, deep in there. Every step of the way.;Andrew Shue;courage
He that fails in his endeavors after wealth or power will not long retain either honesty or courage.;Samuel Johnson;courage
Either life entails courage, or it ceases to be life.;E. M. Forster;courage
Courage stands halfway between cowardice and rashness, one of which is a lack, the other an excess of courage.;Plutarch;courage
Everyone has talent. What is rare is the courage to follow the talent to the dark place where it leads.;Erica Jong;courage
To persevere, trusting in what hopes he has, is courage in a man.;Euripides;courage
Political courage is not political suicide.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;courage
This soul, or life within us, by no means agrees with the life outside us. If one has the courage to ask her what she thinks, she is always saying the very opposite to what other people say.;Virginia Woolf;courage
Courage and conviction are powerful weapons against an enemy who depends only on fists or guns. Animals know when you are afraid a coward knows when you are not.;David Seabury;courage
Unless a reviewer has the courage to give you unqualified praise, I say ignore the bastard.;John Steinbeck;courage
The strangest, most generous, and proudest of all virtues is true courage.;Michel de Montaigne;courage
Courage, above all things, is the first quality of a warrior.;Karl Von Clausewitz;courage
The amount of eccentricity in a society has generally been proportional to the amount of genius, mental vigor, and moral courage it contained. That so few now dare to be eccentric marks the chief danger of the time.;John Stuart Mill;courage
I beg you take courage the brave soul can mend even disaster.;Catherine the Great;courage
The more wit the less courage.;Thomas Fuller;courage
I have the responsibility of over four million people, and I am in a position to do good, to be able to bring about a new life for my people, and I will continue to move in that direction. It's a burden, but it needs to be done, and you have to have the courage and wisdom to see it through.;King Abdullah II;courage
Then there is a still higher type of courage - the courage to brave pain, to live with it, to never let others know of it and to still find joy in life to wake up in the morning with an enthusiasm for the day ahead.;Howard Cosell;courage
One man scorned and covered with scars still strove with his last ounce of courage to reach the unreachable stars and the world will be better for this.;Miguel de Cervantes;courage
Take chances, make mistakes. That's how you grow. Pain nourishes your courage. You have to fail in order to practice being brave.;Mary Tyler Moore;courage
I think my mother... made it clear that you have to live life by your own terms and you have to not worry about what other people think and you have to have the courage to do the unexpected.;Caroline Kennedy;courage
Courage, not compromise, brings the smile of God's approval.;Thomas S. Monson;courage
Leaders come in many forms, with many styles and diverse qualities. There are quiet leaders and leaders one can hear in the next county. Some find strength in eloquence, some in judgment, some in courage.;John W. Gardner;courage
Determination, energy, and courage appear spontaneously when we care deeply about something. We take risks that are unimaginable in any other context.;Margaret J. Wheatley;courage
Great tragedy has come to us, and we are meeting it with the best that is in our country, with courage and concern for others because this is America. This is who we are.;George W. Bush;courage
Way down deep, we're all motivated by the same urges. Cats have the courage to live by them.;Jim Davis;courage
