I don't blame folks for not wanting to put me in their movies or whatever. I understand if their audiences had an association with me.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;movies
If the goal is to get the best artists, actors, and filmmakers in the world to create the best movies, Hollywood does a decent job. And I think no one would disagree with me that it also makes a ton of bad movies and employs a bunch of hacks.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;movies
Movies are different from real life.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;movies
I mean, movies in general tend to sort of portray time, space and identity as these very solid things. Time moves forward. Space is what it is. You are you, and you're always you.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;movies
Even today, in our progressive times, in most movies that come out, the men have to have biceps and the women have to be thin or something.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;movies
There's an absolute prejudice that good movies are dramas and comedies are more dismissable. But I couldn't disagree more.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;movies
I was a very interested arts student, I was always into that part of school and when I got into high school I went into architectural drafting. It gave me an understanding of how to build things and it's really helped me put things in perspective. With my music and my movies, to me it's all art.;Ice Cube;movies
A lot of people just go to movies that feed into their preexisting and not so noble needs and desires: They just go to action pictures, and things like that.;Roger Ebert;movies
Class is often invisible in America in the movies, and usually not the subject of the film.;Roger Ebert;movies
Movies absorb our attention more completely, I think.;Roger Ebert;movies
The movies that are made more thoughtfully or made or with more ambition often get just get drowned out by the noise.;Roger Ebert;movies
When my mother got home from work, she would take me to the movies. It was her way of getting out, and she would take me with her. I'd go home and act all the parts. It had a tremendous influence on my becoming an actor.;Al Pacino;movies
It's never really that much fun for me to do movies anyway, because you - you know, you have to get up very early in the morning and you have to go in and you spend a lot of time waiting around.;Al Pacino;movies
My childhood was influenced by the roles my father played in his movies. Whether Abraham Lincoln or Tom Joad in the 'Grapes of Wrath,' his characters communicated certain values which I try to carry with me to this day.;Jane Fonda;movies
I remember saying goodbye to my father the night he left to join the Navy. He didn't have to. He was older than other servicemen and had a family to support but he wanted to be a part of the fight against fascism, not just make movies about it. I admired this about him.;Jane Fonda;movies
De Niro was a hero of mine. And Sean Penn. But I've realized I can't operate at that level of intensity. That's okay for movies. On TV, when you live with horror day in and day out, you have to protect yourself.;Christopher Meloni;movies
I rarely see one of the 'summer blockbuster' movies. I'd like to see a stronger focus on smaller, smarter movies.;Christopher Meloni;movies
I took acting classes in college, and once I graduated, I decided to give acting a shot when I couldn't really think of anything else to do. It took me a couple of years to get an agent, and my first big break was The Fanelli Boys, which was a sitcom on NBC. Then I did a few television movies.;Christopher Meloni;movies
I was watching 'Up In The Air' and I thought, 'Jesus, who's the old gray-haired guy?' And it was me. I never wear makeup for movies and now it's starting to show.;George Clooney;movies
The physical part of comedy is as hard as a lot of action movies. It scares me, but in a way that I like.;Rachel McAdams;movies
My passion is doing movies, and as long as I keep doing that, I'll be happy. I want to do movies, fun roles and dramatic ones. I love all of it.;Vanessa Hudgens;movies
My passion is doing movies, so as long as I keep doing that I will be happy.;Vanessa Hudgens;movies
I'm fed up with the idiots... the ever-widening gap between people who know how to make movies and the people who green-light the movies.;Sean Connery;movies
Reality TV looks more like America than movies do.;Gabrielle Union;movies
I'm a weird big guy. Doing rapping, doing movies. Do a lot of stuff. But always do things the right way.;Shaquille O'Neal;movies
I've played a lot of mothers in my movies.;Vera Farmiga;movies
There really are three types of 'religious' movies: the ones that make fun of it, the ones that vilify it and the ones that literally preach to the converted.;Vera Farmiga;movies
I, for one, am tired of seeing movies about men damaging each other.;Vera Farmiga;movies
I am a filmmaker. That is all I've ever been. You know, Martin Scorsese makes films about the mob. And I make movies about food.;Alton Brown;movies
Why be boring? Have some fun. Rock shows should be like movies: I don't go to a movie hoping it'll change my life.;Alice Cooper;movies
Even if we die at 100, we're still dying young. I want at least 700 years. There's a lot of travelling and books to read and movies to see. I'm not going to squeeze it all in in 85 years.;Alexander Payne;movies
I'm a big fan of vampire movies generally and that sort of tradition of characters.;Michael Sheen;movies
Before I'd written movies, I never could do big set-piece scenes with a lot of different speakers - when you've got twelve people around a dinner table talking at cross purposes. I had always been impressed by other people's ability to do that.;Joan Didion;movies
My interest in film is sort of catholic - apart from science fiction and horror movies, I'll watch almost everything.;James Dyson;movies
I definitely have found a balance. I've had so many offers in the past to do different movies or different things and I always choose tournaments over it.;Serena Williams;movies
I love going to movies.;Serena Williams;movies
I grew up on Bette Davis movies, and Marlene Dietrich, Marilyn Monroe.;Charlize Theron;movies
I don't think we're living in great times for movies, to tell you the truth.;Gabriel Byrne;movies
You have to get the audience invested even if you're doing something that they think is dumb, it's kind of what these movies are all about.;Halle Berry;movies
If you really want to be competitive in today's market you have to be in movies that make money.;Halle Berry;movies
And you also have to do movies that are about commerce because that's what is required of the industry today.;Halle Berry;movies
The movies people don't talk about or remember after six months' time don't really matter.;Eric Bana;movies
Billions of people have seen and been influenced by movies in the short history of this industry.;Conrad Hall;movies
Well, it was actually - I brought the idea of doing a documentary to HBO back in 2000, when there were some press reports sort of were bandied about that there were going to TV movies based on some of the books that were out.;Monica Lewinsky;movies
I find that when you see somebody in the tabloids all the time, you have no desire to see them in movies.;Seann William Scott;movies
I'm not sure anybody's ready to see me in a drama. And loving movies so much, I've seen a lot of comics try to make that transition too fast, and it can be detrimental. And I don't think I've had as much success as I need in the comedy genre to open up those opportunities.;Seann William Scott;movies
There are a lot of movies I've done that come and go, and don't really establish a growing fan base.;Seann William Scott;movies
I don't generally do movies that get good reviews.;Seann William Scott;movies
I was a total athlete. I loved sports, but when I realized I wasn't going to be a professional athlete, I realized I wanted to be in movies.;Seann William Scott;movies
Working on the 'Ice Age' movies, I'm really proud to be in them.;Seann William Scott;movies
The irony is that you can't use real rain to make movies.;Greg Kinnear;movies
My bar for being successful is being able to do movies that really mean something to me and being able to make a living off of that.;Channing Tatum;movies
I can't do the same movies all my life. I'm conscious of that. But it's a trade-off. 'Dear John' allowed me to do movies I've wanted to do. You learn to balance it out. I'm still learning. Only now am I getting to do the kinds of movies that I have wanted to do. So it's a steady climb. You don't jump into a Soderbergh film.;Channing Tatum;movies
I've been on so many movies. Generally, I haven't gotten to be on the ground level. As of two years ago, in 'Dear John,' I got to really be on the ground floor. I wasn't a producer. I felt like I put the work in, and I did have a lot of sway on what got fixed, reshoots, so on and so forth. It felt really good.;Channing Tatum;movies
'A Guide To Recognizing Your Saints' was the first real actor-actor part I did, and I hope I to do more. Action movies are fun, but I'd be happy not to do them if there are better roles.;Channing Tatum;movies
In all the movies I'm in love with someone in my head. There's always love in a film somewhere. It doesn't matter even if it's an action movie.;Channing Tatum;movies
I was terrified to do 'G.I. Joe.' I had no idea how to do one of those movies. I was kind of scared. You know, if one of those doesn't work, it's a huge hit on your career. People are like, 'Well he couldn't make a $170 million movie work. I don't want him in my film.';Channing Tatum;movies
I still think that movies are amazing I respect actors and directors.;Joaquin Phoenix;movies
The reason I keep making movies is I hate the last thing I did. I'm trying to rectify my wrongs.;Joaquin Phoenix;movies
I don't really make movies because I want to see my face on a billboard or because I want to get good reviews or have a big box office. That doesn't really matter to me at all.;Joaquin Phoenix;movies
You see so many earnest characters in movies all the time, everyone has a purpose.;Joaquin Phoenix;movies
The only reason why I would like to be accepted? Because if your movies don't do well, after a while you don't get to make any more movies.;Joaquin Phoenix;movies
I happen to be interested in watching a face age. I like faces of women aging so it makes me personally quite sad. That's a beautiful gift from God. If people don't want to see that anymore then I won't be in anymore movies.;Debra Winger;movies
People pay to see movies with women looking beautiful, but I think there will be a place for me to play women looking my own age.;Debra Winger;movies
Awards were made in Hollywood, in whatever the time it was created. They're to promote each other's movies. You give me an award, I give you an award and people will believe that we are great movies and they'll go to see them. It's still the same.;Javier Bardem;movies
Some quality performances and movies have a chance to be rewarded, but it's not like it's a bible.;Javier Bardem;movies
I don't really care where movies come from as long as they're worth making.;Javier Bardem;movies
Now, there are so many movies, so many festivals, and so many awards going on, each judged with each other, like your work is worse than others and that's not fair. How can you tell what's best and what's worst from these awards? We're talking about art.;Javier Bardem;movies
Bond is the longest-running franchise ever and there's a reason for that: they are action movies but they are also touched by current events without being political or too serious.;Javier Bardem;movies
I'm a fan of action movies.;Kate Beckinsale;movies
I think what's dangerous about being an actor who does action movies is you think, 'Well, I can totally handle myself now.' But if my opponent didn't know the other half of the routine, I don't know how well I'd do.;Kate Beckinsale;movies
I missed out on everything. Sometimes on the street I see teenagers hanging out and going to the movies, going to concerts, and I get so jealous.;Adriana Lima;movies
I really don't like to do back-to-back movies. I concentrate on things at home. My family and school life are important to me. I try to do one movie a year.;Anna Chlumsky;movies
Usually when you see females in movies, they feel like they have these metallic structures around them, they are caged in by male energy.;Bjork;movies
I think what a lot of action movies lose these days, especially the ones that deal with fantasy, is you stop caring at some point because you've lost human scale.;Harrison Ford;movies
With the CGI, suddenly there's a thousand enemies instead of six - the army goes off into the horizon. You don't need that. The audience loses its relationship with the threat on the screen. That's something that's consistently happening and it makes these movies like video games and that's a soulless enterprise. It's all kinetics without emotion.;Harrison Ford;movies
If military movies were automatically successful we'd make nothing but military movies. But seriously, patriotism is one thing that all Americans have in common.;Tommy Lee Jones;movies
I love vampire movies. I think they are sexy.;Marguerite Moreau;movies
Yes, I'm going to be the President of the United States. You know why? You think you can get chicks by being in the movies? You can really get chicks by being the President.;Ben Affleck;movies
I kinda see my current position like this: Here's your five minutes in the toy store, so you gotta do all the good movies you can before 'Chuck Woolery' rings the bell.;Ben Affleck;movies
The one benefit of having done all kinds of movies as an actor is, you learn the pros and cons of being tempted to do a really big movie because it costs a lot of money.;Ben Affleck;movies
You're basically the sum of all the experiences you've ever had, and they're sort of shaken up in you and reproduced in the things you create, and that includes seeing movies.;Ben Affleck;movies
Not that it entirely matters: There is a perception that all actors make their movies. A lot of people assume you're responsible. George Clooney told me actors get all of the blame and all the credit.;Ben Affleck;movies
My movies are unadorned, they're not particularly fancy, I think they're kind of workmanlike in some ways, focusing on the writing and the acting.;Ben Affleck;movies
I knew I had to get out of Boston and stop making movies there, at least for one movie, otherwise no one would ever consider me for a movie that took place south of Providence.;Ben Affleck;movies
I've never held myself up particularly high when I had movies that worked, and I never held myself all that low when I had failures.;Ben Affleck;movies
You don't go to the movies to do historical research, unless it's historical research about the movies.;Tony Kushner;movies
Making movies is a very different experience in a lot of ways. It's difficult when you're used to owning the copyright and having a landlord's possessory rights - I rent my plays to the companies that do them and, if I'm upset, I can pull the play. But the only two directors I've worked with are pretty great.;Tony Kushner;movies
As much as I hate his movies, Oliver Stone has an aspiration I admire, and that is that he wants his art to be part of what makes and changes public policy and cultural practice.;Tony Kushner;movies
I write plays and movies, I live and work at the borderline between word and image just as any cartoonist or illustrator does. I'm not a pure writer. I use words as the score for kinetic imagistic representations.;Tony Kushner;movies
I just love movies, so suddenly, you're political about movies, and that's dark. It's just not fun when something you love becomes calculated.;Kevin Smith;movies
I always, always meant to be on stage. I only ended up even auditioning for television and movies because I was understudying a Turgenev play on Broadway and was so broke that, when I got a mini-series, I had to take it and was so ashamed because I was such a snob.;Jennifer Garner;movies
On radio and television, magazines and the movies, you can't tell what you're going to get. When you look at the comic page, you can usually depend on something acceptable by the entire family.;Bil Keane;movies
I really care about this stuff, I care about movies, and you just have to be strong and don't be stupid freedom of choice is a big responsibility, and I'm lucky enough not to have to just take any movie to pay the rent, so there's no need to be greedy.;Jonah Hill;movies
I love movies with spectacle but spectacle can be a performance, it doesn't have to be a creature.;J. J. Abrams;movies
I hope to make movies that are so small they don't need to make anything to be profitable.;J. J. Abrams;movies
I have nothing against 3-D in theory. But I've also never run to the movies because something's in 3-D.;J. J. Abrams;movies
When I was a kid going into the movies, you weren't force-fed information everywhere you looked about what the movie was going to be.;J. J. Abrams;movies
When I was a little kid - and even still - I loved magic tricks. When I saw how movies got made - at least had a glimpse when I went on the Universal Studios tour with my grandfather, I remember feeling like this was another means by which I could do magic.;J. J. Abrams;movies
