I hope I didn't bore you too much with my life story.;Elvis Presley;hope
All I can do is leave it in God's hands and hope that my fans feel where I'm coming from.;Aaliyah;hope
Hope is the best possession. None are completely wretched but those who are without hope. Few are reduced so low as that.;William Hazlitt;hope
Not without hope we suffer and we mourn.;William Wordsworth;hope
The cause of my life has been to oppose superstition. It's a battle you can't hope to win - it's a battle that's going to go on forever. It's part of the human condition.;Christopher Hitchens;hope
I hope for the day when everyone can speak again of God without embarrassment.;Paul Tillich;hope
If we hope for what we are not likely to possess, we act and think in vain, and make life a greater dream and shadow than it really is.;Joseph Addison;hope
The reason I never give up hope is because everything is so basically hopeless.;Anne Lamott;hope
Hope has a good memory, gratitude a bad one.;Baltasar Gracian;hope
I hope to die in the saddle seat.;Albert Ellis;hope
I'm hopeful. I know there is a lot of ambition in Washington, obviously. But I hope the ambitious realize that they are more likely to succeed with success as opposed to failure.;George W. Bush;hope
What can I know? What ought I to do? What can I hope?;Immanuel Kant;hope
The only hope of socialism resides in those who have already brought about in themselves, as far as is possible in the society of today, that union between manual and intellectual labor which characterizes the society we are aiming at.;Simone Weil;hope
Art is the most beautiful deception of all. And although people try to incorporate the everyday events of life in it, we must hope that it will remain a deception lest it become a utilitarian thing, sad as a factory.;Claude Debussy;hope
If you hope for happiness in the world, hope for it from God, and not from the world.;David Brainerd;hope
I hope that what you take away from my album is not just the music - which I did want to be fun, and I did want it to be about individuality, but please also take away from it that there's no dream that's too big.;Lady Gaga;hope
I know the world is filled with troubles and many injustices. But reality is as beautiful as it is ugly. I think it is just as important to sing about beautiful mornings as it is to talk about slums. I just couldn't write anything without hope in it.;Oscar Hammerstein II;hope
Hope is the denial of reality.;Margaret Weis;hope
Acting provides the fulfillment of never being fulfilled. You're never as good as you'd like to be. So there's always something to hope for.;Washington Irving;hope
Ah, Hope! what would life be, stripped of thy encouraging smiles, that teach us to look behind the dark clouds of today, for the golden beams that are to gild the morrow.;Susanna Moodie;hope
I am probably the most selfish man you will ever meet in your life. No one gets the satisfaction or the joy that I get out of seeing kids realize there is hope.;Jerry Lewis;hope
A radical inner transformation and rise to a new level of consciousness might be the only real hope we have in the current global crisis brought on by the dominance of the Western mechanistic paradigm.;Stanislav Grof;hope
I am a beneficiary of the American people's generosity, and I hope we can have comprehensive immigration legislation that allows this country to continue to be enriched by those who were not born here.;Madeleine Albright;hope
The screen is a magic medium. It has such power that it can retain interest as it conveys emotions and moods that no other art form can hope to tackle.;Stanley Kubrick;hope
It is the around-the-corner brand of hope that prompts people to action, while the distant hope acts as an opiate.;Eric Hoffer;hope
About the most originality that any writer can hope to achieve honestly is to steal with good judgment.;Josh Billings;hope
Expect to have hope rekindled. Expect your prayers to be answered in wondrous ways. The dry seasons in life do not last. The spring rains will come again.;Sarah Ban Breathnach;hope
Hundreds of thousands of American servicemen and women are deployed across the world in the war on terror. By bringing hope to the oppressed, and delivering justice to the violent, they are making America more secure.;George W. Bush;hope
I can only hope to be 10 percent of the mom mine was to me. She encouraged me to be confident and enjoy life. That's what I want for my son.;Charlize Theron;hope
I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn't lived that life.;Sonia Sotomayor;hope
My hopes are not always realized, but I always hope.;Ovid;hope
I don't feel a lack of hope. It's just disappointment that after all these years we're still fighting meaningless wars for a handful of people.;Geezer Butler;hope
A man must love a thing very much if he not only practices it without any hope of fame and money, but even... without any hope of doing it well.;Oliver Herford;hope
Theater is, of course, a reflection of life. Maybe we have to improve life before we can hope to improve theater.;William Ralph Inge;hope
Concerning God, freewill and destiny: Of all that earth has been or yet may be, all that vain men imagine or believe, or hope can paint or suffering may achieve, we descanted.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;hope
When he is late for dinner and I know he must be either having an affair or lying dead in the street, I always hope he's dead.;Judith Viorst;hope
Like all of us in this storm between birth and death, I can wreak no great changes on the world, only small changes for the better, I hope, in the lives of those I love.;Dean Koontz;hope
A propensity to hope and joy is real riches one to fear and sorrow real poverty.;David Hume;hope
Blues are the songs of despair, but gospel songs are the songs of hope.;Mahalia Jackson;hope
Everyone who feels stuck in the Obama economy is right to focus on the here and now. And I hope you understand this too, if you're feeling left out or passed by: You have not failed, your leaders have failed you.;Paul Ryan;hope
A great tennis career is something that a 15-year-old normally doesn't have. I hope my example helps other teens believe they can accomplish things they never thought possible.;Maria Sharapova;hope
Anarchy is the only slight glimmer of hope.;Mick Jagger;hope
Hope founded upon a human being, a man-made philosophy or any institution is always misplaced... because these things are unreliable and fleeting.;Charles Stanley;hope
I hope that you will learn to take responsibility for your decisions. don't take counsel of your fears.;Thomas S. Monson;hope
Minds that are ill at ease are agitated by both hope and fear.;Ovid;hope
Just as despair can come to one only from other human beings, hope, too, can be given to one only by other human beings.;Elie Wiesel;hope
But then there are magical, beautiful things in the world. There's incredible acts of kindness and bravery, and in the most unlikely places, and it gives you hope.;Dave Matthews;hope
When I consider life, it is all a cheat. Yet fooled with hope, people favor this deceit.;John Dryden;hope
My hope is that gays will be running the world, because then there would be no war. Just a greater emphasis on military apparel.;Roseanne Barr;hope
One of the most difficult things everyone has to learn is that for your entire life you must keep fighting and adjusting if you hope to survive. No matter who you are or what your position is you must keep fighting for whatever it is you desire to achieve.;George Allen, Sr.;hope
Faith is the very first thing you should pack in a hope chest.;Sarah Ban Breathnach;hope
I hope that people will finally come to realize that there is only one 'race' - the human race - and that we are all members of it.;Margaret Atwood;hope
Architecture is basically a container of something. I hope they will enjoy not so much the teacup, but the tea.;Yoshio Taniguchi;hope
Hope is not the conviction that something will turn out well but the certainty that something makes sense, regardless of how it turns out.;Vaclav Havel;hope
If someone decides to be a musician now, it means because there is no hope of money at the end of it, it means they really want to be a musician. And if someone is writing now, there is no hope for money at the end of it.;Doug Coupland;hope
It took me less than half a lifetime to realize that regret is one of the few guaranteed certainties. Sooner or later everything is touched by it, despite our naive and senseless hope that just this time we will be spared its cold hand on our heart.;Jonathan Carroll;hope
Hope is a great falsifier. Let good judgment keep her in check.;Baltasar Gracian;hope
The origin of the absurd idea of immortal life is easy to discover it is kept alive by hope and fear, by childish faith, and by cowardice.;Clarence Darrow;hope
A lot of people, because of my contempt for the false consolations of religion, think of me as a symbolic public opponent of that in extremis. And sometimes that makes me feel a bit alarmed, to be the repository of other people's hope.;Christopher Hitchens;hope
There are only two lasting bequests we can hope to give our children. One of these is roots, the other, wings.;Hodding Carter;hope
Under Barack Obama, the only 'Change' is that 'Hope' has been hard to find. Now millions of Americans are insecure about their future. But instead of inspiring us by reminding us of what makes us special, he divides us against each other. He tells Americans they're worse off because others are better off. That people got rich by making others poor.;Marco Rubio;hope
I hope I'm wrong, but I am afraid that Iraq is going to turn out to be the greatest disaster in American foreign policy - worse than Vietnam, not in the number who died, but in terms of its unintended consequences and its reverberation throughout the region.;Madeleine Albright;hope
I hope when I'm dead I'll be considered an icon, though.;Lady Gaga;hope
Designing a house is like doing a movie: Once you're done, you want to say, 'I hope you all enjoy it.';Jennifer Aniston;hope
There can be hope only for a society which acts as one big family, not as many separate ones.;Anwar Sadat;hope
Hope lies in dreams, in imagination, and in the courage of those who dare to make dreams into reality.;Jonas Salk;hope
I doubt I'll be singing forever, because at some point people aren't going to want to hear my music, and I hope that I'll still get the opportunity to write songs.;Adele;hope
I see the whole concept of Generation X implies that everyone has lost hope.;Alanis Morissette;hope
Just as a mother finds pleasure in taking her little child on her lap, there to feed and caress him, in like manner our loving God shows His fondness for His beloved souls who have given themselves entirely to Him and have placed all their hope in His goodness.;Alphonsus Liguori;hope
One must always hope when one is desperate, and doubt when one hopes.;Gustave Flaubert;hope
To my great disappointment, it appears that the politics of division are making a big comeback. Many Americans share my disappointment - especially those who were filled with great hope a few years ago, when then-Senator Obama announced his candidacy in Springfield, Illinois.;Paul Ryan;hope
Hope and change? We're not doing that anymore. They're doing attack and blame. And so, I just think people are going to see through this. They want real leadership. They want us to get this country on the right track.;Paul Ryan;hope
We really feel happier when things look bleak. Hope is endurance. Hope is holding on and going on and trusting in the Lord.;Michael Novak;hope
Who dares nothing, need hope for nothing.;Friedrich Schiller;hope
I hope that women everywhere will wear this jewelry and feel the passion and love that is, to me, the real spirit of True Harmony.;Carol Alt;hope
Someday I hope to write a book where the royalties will pay for the copies I give away.;Clarence Darrow;hope
One of my favorite people is Gypsy Rose Lee. She bears out the Biblical promise that he who has, gets. And I hope she gets a lot more.;Hedy Lamarr;hope
If you use your imagination, you can look at any actress and see her nude... I hope to make you use your imagination.;Hedy Lamarr;hope
Having a sense of purpose is having a sense of self. A course to plot is a destination to hope for.;Bryant H. McGill;hope
Truth is not a matter of fact but a state of harmony with progress and hope. Enveloped only in its wings will we ever soar to the promise of our greater selves.;Bryant H. McGill;hope
All kids need is a little help, a little hope and somebody who believes in them.;Magic Johnson;hope
Hope is patience with the lamp lit.;Tertullian;hope
I just hope that theaters remain. I think there's something very wonderful about getting into a dark room with a bunch of people. There's something cool about that. Brings us all together in one room where we can experience all those emotions.;Jeff Bridges;hope
I hope to be scaring children for the rest of my life.;Tom Felton;hope
Counting is the religion of this generation it is its hope and its salvation.;Gertrude Stein;hope
It is natural to indulge in the illusions of hope. We are apt to shut our eyes to that siren until she allures us to our death.;Gertrude Stein;hope
Hope of ill gain is the beginning of loss.;Democritus;hope
Death is the great hope of all life the desire to expend itself to be used and consumed by its own longing for itself.;Bryant H. McGill;hope
Freedom is not a gift nor does it simply exist for us to have, but rather it is a sacred duty, and its blessed yield of hope is born from none other than the blood of the innocent.;Bryant H. McGill;hope
In the company of the accomplished, people hope it will rub off on themselves, in the company of the misfortunate, they fear it!;Bryant H. McGill;hope
The greatest joys are found not only in what we do and feel, but also in what we hope for.;Bryant H. McGill;hope
At a time when unbridled greed, malignant aggression, and existence of weapons of mass destruction threatens the survival of humanity, we should seriously consider any avenue that offers some hope.;Stanislav Grof;hope
I am so excited to let fans in on how important my relationship with my family is to me. I hope to motivate mothers and daughters to build lifetimes of memories together and inspire kids around the world to live their dreams.;Miley Cyrus;hope
Between the fear that something would happen and the hope that still it wouldn't, there is much more space than one thinks. On that narrow, hard, bare and dark space a lot of us spend their lives.;Ivo Andric;hope
Hope, like faith, is nothing if it is not courageous it is nothing if it is not ridiculous.;Thornton Wilder;hope
When hope is not pinned wriggling onto a shiny image or expectation, it sometimes floats forth and opens.;Anne Lamott;hope
I'm actually not a big fan of the word hope. I think it's a depressing word. I don't want to hope - I want to know. Like I don't hope there's a God, I know there's a God.;Kelly Clarkson;hope
What greater aspiration and challenge are there for a mother than the hope of raising a great son or daughter?;Rose Kennedy;hope
Right now I'm not involved with anybody, but I hope by 75 I will be again.;Stevie Nicks;hope
