Knowledge, the object of knowledge and the knower are the three factors which motivate action the senses, the work and the doer comprise the threefold basis of action.;Friedrich Schiller;knowledge
Learning is acquired by reading books, but the much more necessary learning, the knowledge of the world, is only to be acquired by reading men, and studying all the various facets of them.;Lord Chesterfield;knowledge
Knowledge is only one half. Faith is the other.;Novalis;knowledge
The greatest gift is a passion for reading. It is cheap, it consoles, it distracts, it excites, it gives you knowledge of the world and experience of a wide kind. It is a moral illumination.;Elizabeth Hardwick;knowledge
Knowledge is that possession that no misfortune can destroy, no authority can revoke, and no enemy can control. This makes knowledge the greatest of all freedoms.;Bryant H. McGill;knowledge
Every man gets a narrower and narrower field of knowledge in which he must be an expert in order to compete with other people. The specialist knows more and more about less and less and finally knows everything about nothing.;Konrad Lorenz;knowledge
When we go to the Bible we should keep in mind that the basic principles of the Bible are taught by God, but written down by human beings deprived of modern day knowledge. So there is some fallibility in the writings of the Bible. But the basic principles are applicable to my life and I don't find any conflict among them.;Jimmy Carter;knowledge
Knowledge of the world in only to be acquired in the world, and not in a closet.;Lord Chesterfield;knowledge
So I'd be quite happy to have a three-hour Lincoln-Douglas-style debate with Barack Obama. I'd let him use a teleprompter. I'll just rely on knowledge. We'll do fine.;Newt Gingrich;knowledge
Ignorance is never better than knowledge.;Enrico Fermi;knowledge
It is becoming clear that the old platitudes can no longer be maintained, and that if we wish to improve our morals we must first improve our knowledge.;Havelock Ellis;knowledge
A man acquainted with history may, in some respect, be said to have lived from the beginning of the world, and to have been making continual additions to his stock of knowledge in every century.;David Hume;knowledge
Scholastic learning and polemical divinity retarded the growth of all true knowledge.;David Hume;knowledge
Music can be healing, and with my history and my knowledge of both sides of what looks like a gigantic divide in the world, I feel I can point a way forward to our common humanity again.;Cat Stevens;knowledge
There is no arguing with the pretenders to a divine knowledge and to a divine mission. They are possessed with the sin of pride, they have yielded to the perennial temptation.;Walter Lippmann;knowledge
Knowledge about the economy, ideas about capitalism and government, the future of the world and geopolitics were things I was never really interested in.;Shia LaBeouf;knowledge
The amount of meetings I've been in - people would be shocked. But that's how you gain experience, how you can gain knowledge, being in meetings and participating. You learn and grow.;Tiger Woods;knowledge
One of the interesting things about having little musical knowledge is that you generate surprising results sometimes you move to places you wouldn't if you knew better.;Brian Eno;knowledge
There is no substitute for accurate knowledge. Know yourself, know your business, know your men.;Lee Iacocca;knowledge
But inner experience is only one source of human knowledge.;Muhammad Iqbal;knowledge
How can smart women be so stupid about men sometimes? Lack of knowledge. It's what men have kept secret for so long.;Steve Harvey;knowledge
I don't have incredible knowledge about films or of filmmaking history I'm not that kind of person.;Ang Lee;knowledge
Ignorance is bold and knowledge reserved.;Thucydides;knowledge
If you want to be truly successful invest in yourself to get the knowledge you need to find your unique factor. When you find it and focus on it and persevere your success will blossom.;Sydney Madwed;knowledge
If I was left to my own devices, you would see about ten T-shirts in rotation with maybe a few nice pairs of jeans - but I also like to look good. I like feeling really well put together, I just don't have the aptitude and the knowledge to do that.;Daniel Radcliffe;knowledge
In some sort of crude sense, which no vulgarity, no humor, no overstatement can quite extinguish, the physicists have known sin and this is a knowledge which they cannot lose.;J. Robert Oppenheimer;knowledge
I feel like 35. At 35 you're old enough to know something and young enough to look forward to what you can do with the knowledge. So I stayed at 35!;Michael Caine;knowledge
There is, so I believe, in the essence of everything, something that we cannot call learning. There is, my friend, only a knowledge - that is everywhere.;Hermann Hesse;knowledge
At a family's most difficult time, I want to make sure at a minimum that they have the very basic of comforts: the ability to grieve their loss privately and the knowledge that their country is grateful for their loved one's sacrifice and service.;Dave Reichert;knowledge
My philosophy from day one is that I can sleep better at night if I can improve an individual's knowledge about food and wine, and do it on a daily basis.;Emeril Lagasse;knowledge
A serious problem in America is the gap between academe and the mass media, which is our culture. Professors of humanities, with all their leftist fantasies, have little direct knowledge of American life and no impact whatever on public policy.;Camille Paglia;knowledge
The humanitarian lays stress almost solely upon breadth of knowledge and sympathy.;Irving Babbitt;knowledge
True, some land was bought by a few Cabinet Ministers. They bought the land. No minister, to my knowledge acquired land which was meant for resettlement.;Robert Mugabe;knowledge
Lost wealth may be replaced by industry, lost knowledge by study, lost health by temperance or medicine, but lost time is gone forever.;Samuel Smiles;knowledge
Our knowledge is a receding mirage in an expanding desert of ignorance.;Will Durant;knowledge
Men are limited by the knowledge of their minds, the worth of their characters and the principles upon which they are building their lives.;Edwin Louis Cole;knowledge
I don't think any person has any special knowledge about what God has planned for me and you any more than me and you do.;Willie Nelson;knowledge
Knowledge is in the end based on acknowledgement.;Ludwig Wittgenstein;knowledge
I have thought about it a great deal, and the more I think, the more certain I am that obedience is the gateway through which knowledge, yes, and love, too, enter the mind of the child.;Anne Sullivan;knowledge
All science requires mathematics. The knowledge of mathematical things is almost innate in us. This is the easiest of sciences, a fact which is obvious in that no one's brain rejects it for laymen and people who are utterly illiterate know how to count and reckon.;Roger Bacon;knowledge
There are in fact two things, science and opinion the former begets knowledge, the later ignorance.;Hippocrates;knowledge
The apple cannot be stuck back on the Tree of Knowledge once we begin to see, we are doomed and challenged to seek the strength to see more, not less.;Arthur Miller;knowledge
The best advice I ever got was that knowledge is power and to keep reading.;David Bailey;knowledge
The benefits of education and of useful knowledge, generally diffused through a community, are essential to the preservation of a free government.;Sam Houston;knowledge
The truth is often terrifying, which I think is one of the motifs of Larry and Andrew's cinema. The cost of knowledge is an important theme. In the second and third films, they explore the consequences of Neo's choice to know the truth. It's a beautiful, beautiful story.;Keanu Reeves;knowledge
Knowledge is a beautiful thing, but there are a few things I wish I didn't know.;Susan Orlean;knowledge
The first responsibility of the Muslim is as teacher. That is his job, to teach. His first school, his first classroom is within the household. His first student is himself. He masters himself and then he begins to convey the knowledge that he has acquired to the family. The people who are closest to him.;H. Rap Brown;knowledge
There is a general knowledge that I am multi-dimensional, that when you are creative you do a lot of things.;Suzanne Somers;knowledge
We are approaching a new age of synthesis. Knowledge cannot be merely a degree or a skill... it demands a broader vision, capabilities in critical thinking and logical deduction without which we cannot have constructive progress.;Li Ka Shing;knowledge
Exclusively of the abstract sciences, the largest and worthiest portion of our knowledge consists of aphorisms: and the greatest and best of men is but an aphorism.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;knowledge
The desire of knowledge, like the thirst of riches, increases ever with the acquisition of it.;Laurence Sterne;knowledge
If knowledge and foresight are too penetrating and deep, unify them with ease and sincerity.;Xun Zi;knowledge
The family teaches us about the importance of knowledge, education, hard work and effort. It teaches us about enjoying ourselves, having fun, keeping fit and healthy.;Kamisese Mara;knowledge
Knowledge of the sciences is so much smoke apart from the heavenly science of Christ.;John Calvin;knowledge
It is remarkable how many misconceptions there are here about life in the developing world and I think that that knowledge gap has done a lot to contribute to the imbalance quite frankly.;Emma Thompson;knowledge
G is Grace, the Flaming Star is the Torch of Reason. Those who possess this knowledge are indeed Illuminati.;Adam Weishaupt;knowledge
Science fiction writers, I am sorry to say, really do not know anything. We can't talk about science, because our knowledge of it is limited and unofficial, and usually our fiction is dreadful.;Philip K. Dick;knowledge
Building technical systems involves a lot of hard work and specialized knowledge: languages and protocols, coding and debugging, testing and refactoring.;Jesse James Garrett;knowledge
When a child comes in, I believe that it's a 'multipersonhood,' and it knows it, its consciousness knows it, and it has a nuclei in the center of its consciousness that is the repository of all experience and all knowledge. And when you look in the eyes of your baby and you feel this sense that they are an old soul, I believe indeed they are.;Shirley MacLaine;knowledge
After the Berlin Wall came down I visited that city and I will never forget it. The abandoned checkpoints. The sense of excitement about the future. The knowledge that a great continent was coming together. Healing those wounds of our history is the central story of the European Union.;David Cameron;knowledge
Courage is a special kind of knowledge: the knowledge of how to fear what ought to be feared and how not to fear what ought not to be feared.;David Ben-Gurion;knowledge
He will therefore have to use what knowledge he can achieve, not to shape the results as the craftsman shapes his handiwork, but rather to cultivate a growth by providing the appropriate environment, in the manner in which the gardener does this for his plants.;Friedrich August von Hayek;knowledge
What is called an acute knowledge of human nature is mostly nothing but the observer's own weaknesses reflected back from others.;Georg C. Lichtenberg;knowledge
The Greeks possessed a knowledge of human nature we seem hardly able to attain to without passing through the strengthening hibernation of a new barbarism.;Georg C. Lichtenberg;knowledge
Education can counteract the natural tendency to do the wrong thing, but the inexorable succession of generations requires that the basis for this knowledge be constantly refreshed.;Garrett Hardin;knowledge
But now with the living conditions deteriorating, and with the sure knowledge that we are slated for destruction, we have been transformed into an implacable army of liberation.;George Jackson;knowledge
Knowledge fills a large brain it merely inflates a small one.;Sydney J. Harris;knowledge
An humble knowledge of thyself is a surer way to God than a deep search after learning.;Thomas a Kempis;knowledge
International relationships are preordained to be clumsy gestures based on imperfect knowledge.;Rebecca West;knowledge
People of small caliber are always carping. They are bent on showing their own superiority, their knowledge or prowess or good breeding.;Van Wyck Brooks;knowledge
The ordinary American - as far as I can tell - knows so much less than he did fifty years ago and has such poor work habits compared with fifty years ago that the average multiplicand of knowledge/capabilities is a much smaller number than it was in 1961.;Ben Stein;knowledge
Science is the knowledge of consequences, and dependence of one fact upon another.;Thomas Hobbes;knowledge
I believe patriotism comes from the heart. Patriotism is voluntary. It is a feeling of loyalty and allegiance that is the result of knowledge and belief.;Jesse Ventura;knowledge
My practicality consists in this, in the knowledge that if you beat your head against the wall it is your head which breaks and not the wall - that is my strength, my only strength.;Antonio Gramsci;knowledge
The larger the island of knowledge, the longer the shoreline of wonder.;Ralph W. Sockman;knowledge
It may, however, be said that the level of experience to which concepts are inapplicable cannot yield any knowledge of a universal character, for concepts alone are capable of being socialized.;Muhammad Iqbal;knowledge
Inductive reason, which alone makes man master of his environment, is an achievement and when once born it must be reinforced by inhibiting the growth of other modes of knowledge.;Muhammad Iqbal;knowledge
Not ignorance, but ignorance of ignorance, is the death of knowledge.;Alfred North Whitehead;knowledge
Knowledge shrinks as wisdom grows.;Alfred North Whitehead;knowledge
Well, there are two kinds of happiness, grounded and ungrounded. Ungrounded happiness is cheesy and not based on reality. Grounded happiness is informed happiness based on the knowledge that the world sometimes sucks, but even then you have to believe in yourself.;Andy Grammer;knowledge
The great aim of education is not knowledge but action.;Herbert Spencer;knowledge
Science is organized knowledge.;Herbert Spencer;knowledge
Knowledge is going to make you stronger. Knowledge is going to let you control your life. Knowledge is going to give you the wisdom to teach their children. Knowledge is the thing that makes you smile in the face of disaster.;Avery Brooks;knowledge
Education in the light of present-day knowledge and need calls for some spirited and creative innovations both in the substance and the purpose of current pedagogy.;Anne Sullivan Macy;knowledge
Perhaps as good a classification as any of the main types is that of the three lusts distinguished by traditional Christianity - the lust of knowledge, the lust of sensation, and the lust of power.;Irving Babbitt;knowledge
I find myself going to places where I really have no business, speaking to these people in a whole other field that I have no extensive knowledge of. But I do it very often because it scares me.;Alan Alda;knowledge
In England only uneducated people show off their knowledge nobody quotes Latin or Greek authors in the course of conversation, unless he has never read them.;George Mikes;knowledge
Knowledge may give weight, but accomplishments give lustre, and many more people see than weigh.;Herodotus;knowledge
When knowledge is limited - it leads to folly... When knowledge exceeds a certain limit, it leads to exploitation.;Abu Bakr;knowledge
Learn from me, if not by my precepts, then by my example, how dangerous is the pursuit of knowledge and how much happier is that man who believes his native town to be the world than he who aspires to be greater than his nature will allow.;Mary Wollstonecraft;knowledge
In the Atlantean period there were many energies being used and information and knowledge being used which were, for particular reasons of safety, withdrawn, shall we say, to prevent complete catastrophe, to prevent total destruction of your planet.;David Icke;knowledge
Knowledge is not skill. Knowledge plus ten thousand times is skill.;Shinichi Suzuki;knowledge
Knowledge is generally considered a good thing so, presumably, knowing more about how the U.S. thinks and operates around the world is also good.;Peter Singer;knowledge
You don't need an explanation for everything, Recognize that there are such things as miracles - events for which there are no ready explanations. Later knowledge may explain those events quite easily.;Harry Browne;knowledge
I respect knowledge of the psyche. I would be a therapist if I weren't an entertainer.;Jessica Simpson;knowledge
Knowledge is not simply another commodity. On the contrary. Knowledge is never used up. It increases by diffusion and grows by dispersion.;Daniel J. Boorstin;knowledge
We have today a fairly thorough knowledge of the early Greco-Roman period because our motivations are the same.;Arthur Erickson;knowledge
Everything has been said yet few have taken advantage of it. Since all our knowledge is essentially banal, it can only be of value to minds that are not.;Raoul Vaneigem;knowledge
I think in most jobs, you get better as you get older. You gain experience, you gain knowledge.;Kristin Scott Thomas;knowledge
