People always come up to me now and say, 'Watchmen' is the best superhero movie ever made.' I'm always saying 'That's super cool. That's nice of you to say.' But it happens now, more and more and more than it did when it first came out.;Zack Snyder;cool
Now, guitar was pretty cool. Everybody knew something on the guitar. So I wanted to play guitar, but I told my dad if he wanted me to keep studying something, I'd like to study piano.;Jackson Browne;cool
The downright fanatic is nearer to the heart of things than the cool and slippery disputant.;Edwin Hubbel Chapin;cool
I'm just a cool type of guy who's all about positives.;Big Boi;cool
I was the only Christian on the cast, but that was cool because we all respected each others talent and mostly they respected me a lot even though I was the only Christian.;Victoria Jackson;cool
I love David Caruso. I know it's not cool, but I do. I watch CSI: Miami. I think he's interesting.;James Denton;cool
The promos with all of the beautiful women probably attracted some men, but the mystery story line is pretty cool. It's got that dark edge, and people will watch anything funny.;James Denton;cool
I feel like people start to believe things that people say about them and start to think they're really important. If you have a family that is down to earth and cool, I don't see how you can be like that.;Amanda Bynes;cool
I have actor friends, but they're not famous. I feel like if you're an actor or - famous, you have to overly prove that you're a normal, cool person.;Amanda Bynes;cool
In some of the L.A. clubs, people can act too cool to get into your music. That can get to be a bit much.;Chad Smith;cool
I never felt cool growing up. I was a bit of an outsider, but I discovered theatre very early on, which got me through.;Eric McCormack;cool
I get really cool gifts, and I know this sounds really lame, but I think one of the best gifts I've ever received was the Easy Bake Oven when I was younger. When I was little, I loved to bake! I want to get one now so I can make weird mini desserts for people.;Ashley Benson;cool
I get letters from kids, teenagers and young girls who just want to be Mac. I've had quite a few people actually say that they're going to become a Marine or a JAG lawyer because of me... the character. I think that's pretty cool!;Catherine Bell;cool
Most people are really cool and I really don't mind talking to them and answering their questions.;Jimmy Carl Black;cool
I won't go into detail but this animated one, the story line is very cool and the kids seem to love it.;Blair Underwood;cool
I didn't really work with Vin on it except we talked about it a little bit. I think it was kind of cool because we didn't think it was going to be that emotional. I don't think Vin knew I was going to be that emotional.;Brittany Snow;cool
I've worn my share of leopard pink boots to premieres or belts the size of cars. I thought my pink leopard boots were so cool.;Brittany Snow;cool
I have no control over people's perceptions of me at all and that's one of the things I decided very early on is that I can't control the way other people think of me. All I can do, especially when it comes to my career is go out there and do cool unique kinds of things.;Macaulay Culkin;cool
Now there is so much expertise and brainpower it's hard to be at the cutting edge of what's cool and not do something that's totally geeky.;Darren Aronofsky;cool
Sometimes acting is really cool because it forces you to exercise certain muscles in your personality that you wouldn't normally be called upon in life.;Jenna Fischer;cool
For electronica music, David Linton has been doing this series called Unity Gain, which is pretty cool.;Jim Coleman;cool
I don't think I really know just how cool Satan really was when I was in Junior High School. Now, thanks to Marilyn Manson, it's no longer a secret.;Jim Coleman;cool
I have been a huge nerd to my kids. I haven't done the cool movies that they like. With '24,' I gained a lot of respect. '24' is now, it's hip, it's their generation.;Ricky Schroder;cool
Arizona is really cool but I couldn't stay there for too long.;Dar Williams;cool
I thought that would be kind of cool, to make a bad guy look sympathetic.;Christopher Atkins;cool
In Fargo, they say, well, that's a job. How well do you get paid? For example, for this book I was written about in Entertainment Weekly, and it was kind of cool because my mom asked me if Entertainment Weekly was a magazine or a newspaper.;Chuck Klosterman;cool
I'm not saying that people have to listen to rock music. It's a great, cool thing and it can really be liberating for a lot of people but, hey, so can Charles Dickens so I'm not going to judge.;Frank Black;cool
They're a different generation, those kids kids that are under the age of twelve. They're not that impressed by rock music, you know what I mean? They're like, it's cool and everything, but whatever. They're just as impressed by YouTube.;Frank Black;cool
The truth is, we have this idea that late night is about creativity and being cool, but that's not our job. Our job is to get as many people watching the commercials in between our show. That's the reality of it.;Jimmy Kimmel;cool
Violence is a very ugly thing. Violence is often so casual on film, and made to look so cool and so sexy, but violence is a repulsive, repugnant act that human beings inflict on each other. It shouldn't seem to be cool and sexy, ever really.;James Purefoy;cool
Most of what I listen to now is mainstream jazz from 1935 right up to and including early bebop and cool jazz.;Dave Van Ronk;cool
The great thing about it is, in Hollywood, certain people are very good at keeping their lives and who they are very private. I've never met anybody as down to earth and cool in Hollywood than Matt Damon.;Anthony Mackie;cool
Do you want to be an actor, or do you want to be a celebrity? I made that decision when I went to Juilliard. I wanted to be an actor. So, if I get the opportunity to be an actor and do some cool, fun and interesting projects, I'm going to do that.;Anthony Mackie;cool
In a daydream sort of way, I think it would be pretty cool to direct a movie. But I have been on movie and TV sets and know it is hard work. I like directing it in my mind. It is easier.;Michael Connelly;cool
President Clinton is going to embrace President Obama, as he should. They are working together. They're different kinds of people. Obama is cool, Clinton is a schmoozer. Both are great speakers. It's a great merging of the party.;Bill Richardson;cool
'Aladdin' was probably my favorite Disney animation when I was a kid. The animation was great and Robin Williams was unbelievable as the Genie. 'Aladdin' was an amazing adventure and the lead character was a hero for guys, which I loved. It wasn't a princess or a girl beating the odds it was a street rat. That seemed really cool to me.;Zachary Levi;cool
Films are really cool because, every couple months, or however many times you can get a job because there's a lot of luck involved in that, you're playing a different character.;Zachary Levi;cool
I met Drew Barrymore in New York and she said she liked the band. That was really cool. I grew up on her.;Meg White;cool
It's cool to meet your idols. It's a good opportunity to travel. Those kinds of things are good.;Meg White;cool
Country's hip it's cool music.;Ricky Skaggs;cool
I have snakes, three sharks, moray eels, piranhas, five scorpions and a bird spider. All of them are predators. They are dangerous but it's cool to have strong and powerful pets.;Tracy Morgan;cool
So when I got to be about 13 or 14, I started listening - even though my parents music was way cool - to contemporary hard rock at that time, which was Aerosmith, Cheap Trick, Black Sabbath, AC/DC, Ted Nugent and all that, and that's just where I came from.;Slash;cool
I even knew some of the dialogue but it was definitely cool to look at. We always argue that the movies should be loyal but in this case I could argue that it might have been too loyal.;Todd McFarlane;cool
I'm a guy who likes to watch something cool, creepy and suspenseful and there is no show to watch as an adult that would scare me at for even four seconds.;Todd McFarlane;cool
Our mission for younger people is to do our best to make exercise cool, hip - the thing to do.;Bruce Jenner;cool
I think when you're winning, your uniforms are cool.;Shaun Alexander;cool
I really, really love Hilary Clinton. I think she's very cool. She's out there and she's involved.;Sandra Bernhard;cool
It's cool when your husband starts to sing some old Merle Haggard song and I can pop in with a harmony and it doesn't sound too bad.;Trisha Yearwood;cool
Doing charity work is always cool. It's always a good thing.;Lee DeWyze;cool
I definitely wasn't cool in high school. I really wasn't. I did belong to many of the clubs and was in leadership on yearbook and did the musical theater route, so I had friends in all areas. But I certainly did not know what to wear, did not know how to do my hair, all those things.;Dianna Agron;cool
In New York City, you can walk down the street and see a girl in a trench who looks equally as cool as a girl wearing Lululemon. It's like you're watching models. You see a little of everything right by you.;Hoda Kotb;cool
The sexiest thing about style is if you kind of just take your personality and put it in what you wear. That's what I think is cool.;Jessica Szohr;cool
Fame and stuff like that is all very cool, but at the end of the day, we're all human beings. Although what I do is incredibly surreal and fun and amazing and I'm really grateful for it, I don't believe my own press release, do you know what I mean?;Tom Hardy;cool
I'm not a guy who curses very much in my personal life. When I curse it sounds like a kid trying to be cool. But I think there are quite a few people, my father being one of them, who use curse words rather eloquently.;Justin Halpern;cool
The cool thing about being a songwriter, or a writer, I guess, in general, you can take on a lot of different things, experience a lot of different things, just by writing about them.;Amos Lee;cool
Melanie Fiona is a singer, a songwriter, she's a super-girl. I can be silly, goofy, really chilled. She's like your cool chill girlfriend, sister-friend. I'm just like everybody else.;Melanie Fiona;cool
I don't need to hang out in a posse and try to act cool.;Jeremy London;cool
THE GODS was my first professional band and I learned a lot during that time. It was very cool playing with so many great musicians as it helped me to learn.;Ken Hensley;cool
But I'm trying not to be cynical - I don't want to be one of those people who has a cool opportunity and blows it. It's really amazing what's happening to me.;Shannyn Sossamon;cool
Never judge someone by who he's in love with judge him by his friends. People fall in love with the most appalling people. Take a cool, appraising glance at his pals.;Cynthia Heimel;cool
And I now think that Stratocasters and Telecasters are way cool.;John Fogerty;cool
There's a power in women being women. There's a role for men, but we don't have to be men, because we're women. I think that representing that on television is a cool thing.;Jenna Elfman;cool
If you're a kid who's not necessarily attractive, and you don't have money, and you're not hip and cool, chances are you're not going to feel good about yourself and want to be an actor.;Jim McKay;cool
Like I said about Freaked, people tend to find these films, and I think that in the end the cool thing about a movie is that it can be sort of burnt temporarily, but then it's burnt into the fabric of your culture.;Alex Winter;cool
The second we see somebody on the street or meet someone, we make snap judgments about them, about who they are and why we wouldn't necessarily sit with them or why we would or what's cool or not cool.;Max Cannon;cool
Labels don't mean anything to me. I'm trying to play as passionately as I'm able to. If they want to call that cool, that's fine. Just spell the name right, is the formula.;Lee Konitz;cool
I'm pretty content with what I have, but the one thing that I don't have is something like the iPod - but PC-based. I think that would be cool.;Oren Peli;cool
You get to bring your own sound system when you play an arena, all the lights and visual stuff, which I think is really cool. There's something about those old arenas, where it feels larger than life.;Dan Auerbach;cool
All the bands get along really well. That's one of the biggest things on a tour. It's great to get all these cool bands together, but if they don't get along it sucks.;Brandon Thomas;cool
The frustrating part of it is that you're generally known for what you did last. I've had the privilege of doing some very cool independent films that, a lot of the time, the general public doesn't see unless you're at a film festival or you're into that kind of movie.;Hayden Panettiere;cool
For too long, our country's version of an energy policy has consisted of Americans waking up every day and wondering how much it will cost to drive to work, how much it will cost to keep their business running, how much it will cost to heat or cool their homes.;Bob Beauprez;cool
David Lynch and I almost made a movie together in the late '80s. We had lots of dinners and lunches. He's a very cool, hip guy. This film, let's face it, is like an homage to him, I would imagine he'd find it funny.;Martin Short;cool
I like rhythmic things that butt up against each other in a cool kind of way.;Stone Gossard;cool
And I remember as a second or third grader having some autonomy to go to the store if I felt like it, walk home, take my time, kick the can. We were on our own schedule after school, so that was cool.;Stone Gossard;cool
If I could have anyone on speed dial it would be George Clooney. He seems like a cool guy who would give good advice.;Adam Garcia;cool
When you see people who are really good at game shows, the one common attribute is a cool head under pressure: an ability to perform as well in the studio, surrounded by lights and noise, as you do on your couch.;Ken Jennings;cool
I get around OK with a toolbox. As a kid, I picked up skills following my dad through the oil fields of Oklahoma and West Texas. My wife Janine is hard to impress, but she does think it's cool when I fix things around the house.;Ronnie Dunn;cool
I think movies glamorize violence, in the sense that they make it in a way that it's either cool or funny.;Matthew Vaughn;cool
I mean, you have a general tone of it but it's pretty much you get to come in and you're going to flip this car and it's going to blow up and you're going to come out on fire and you go oh, that's cool, and then you get paid a lot of money.;David R. Ellis;cool
They had some really cool rigged cars and things that were different that they would tow behind the camera car that were actually on these trailers that manipulated side to side and stuff like they were getting hit, and actually put the actor right in the middle of the chase.;David R. Ellis;cool
When you're in Los Angeles, nobody bats an eye, they're so used to seeing actors, they just act really cool.;Luke Wilson;cool
I'm always looking for cool stuff to do because that's what we're supposed to do, ya know?;Joshua Homme;cool
I think it's interesting to have a cool character not look so cool, you know?;Norman Reedus;cool
You can't not look cool with a crossbow.;Norman Reedus;cool
If I could work with any actor it would have to be Johnny Depp. He is cool.;Ben Nicholas;cool
It is really cool to have created a movie that has turned out to become the biggest movie of the year.;Michael Bay;cool
Well, we played with Soul Coughing once for like two days, that was pretty cool. I mean they were all good, you can pull a great experience from everything.;Mike Lowry;cool
It's a really cool time for artists who want to strive for a little more depth in what they want to say to come forward. We live in a very fast world right now. We've got all this media and music which is so accessible to us, it's here one minute gone the next.;Kimbra;cool
We're gonna try and bring on all the different aspects of horror movie making and bring on guests and show all these old '50's B movies. Not the real corny ones, the real cool ones.;Jerry Only;cool
It's kinda cool seeing people having real fights with people they really know.;Ron Livingston;cool
I want kids of this generation to see that everything is cool, that there's some kind of unity in hip-hop. We all found something that's really important to us, and music is all we've really got.;Missy Elliot;cool
I jumped off a cliff backwards for 'I Am Number Four,' which was pretty cool. I'd never done that before. It took seven takes from different angles and luckily there were no injuries. I came close, though. My head nearly hit the rock at one point.;Alex Pettyfer;cool
We had a huge audience, we sold truckloads of albums. If we do something that's cool, people will listen to it. If we don't, we would be selling people short.;Andy Taylor;cool
I don't particularly dislike any kind of person that might be reading my stuff. They like it and that's cool, but I don't do the work for any kind of group in particular, except for hobos, who just plain kick ass and light up my life.;Jhonen Vasquez;cool
Obviously anything that accessorizes or enhances the iPhone is always pretty cool.;Harry Shum, Jr.;cool
I was asked to do a test commercial shoot for an Apple product which didn't mean much to me at the time. Some music player that holds all your songs. Sounded cool to me and I never gave up an opportunity to work, especially with the possibility of it turning into a national commercial. Coolest job I did in that time.;Harry Shum, Jr.;cool
It's a beautiful thing, diving into the cool crisp water and then just sort of being able to pull your body through the water and the water opening up for you.;Dawn Fraser;cool
Sunday school don't make you cool forever.;Sly Stone;cool
I don't think a show's ever changed networks in the middle of the season before, but it was cool because they gave us those extra couple years of life that was necessary to get us to syndication.;Donal Logue;cool
