I love music videos, I really do. I think it's kind of sad that it's a dying art form.;Adam Levine;sad
Wearing a tuxedo isn't as simple as it sounds. I've been to a lot of award shows in Hollywood over the years and have seen some pretty sad tuxes. It's surprisingly easy to go off the rails.;Paul Feig;sad
In their heyday, the Pet Shop Boys were the Interpol of the Eighties, dressing up to sing really weird pop songs about lust and loneliness in the big city. They're low-pro now, not retro-worshipped in the manner of Depeche Mode, New Order, or The Cure, but you can hear the reason why - these guys are too sad.;Rob Sheffield;sad
It makes me so desperately sad to witness just how unforgivably wretched our world has become.;Ralph Steadman;sad
Marketing has supplanted story as the primary force behind the worthiness of making a film, and that's a very sad thing. It's film only as a function of consumerism rather than as an important component of our culture, and that's everywhere around the world.;Alexander Payne;sad
I always think of the live show first, where the song is gonna go in the show. That's why they aren't sad songs. When I play, I want to make people happy, not sad. It's such a pleasure for me to do what I do, and I want other people to feel some form of that pleasure, too.;Jason Mraz;sad
I find it amusing on one level, poignant on another, when people try to get recognition from an outside source. It's sad.;Grace Slick;sad
Divorce was very sad, obviously, but now I've gotten over it.;Natalie Imbruglia;sad
I like singer-songwriters, and I find sad songs comforting rather than depressing. It makes you realise you're not alone in the world.;Natalie Imbruglia;sad
With any group of people in life, sad things happen, and crazy things, and happy things. When you're in the public eye, it's just amplified, that's all.;Margot Kidder;sad
The sad events that occur in my life are the sad events that happen to everybody, with losing friends and family, but that is a natural occurrence, as natural as being born.;Sergio Aragones;sad
It's always sad if anybody you know has a personal problem.;Lee Child;sad
The sad and horrible conclusion is that no one cared that Jews were being murdered... This is the Jewish lesson of the Holocaust and this is the lesson which Auschwitz taught us.;Ariel Sharon;sad
Whenever the lion fish in the fish tank in the captain's ready room died it was always a sad moment.;Patrick Stewart;sad
I find America falling in love with a TV show flattering and interesting, but at the same time a little sad.;David Schwimmer;sad
If I can procure three hundred good substantial names of persons, or bodies, or institutions, I cannot fail to do well for my family, although I must abandon my life to its success, and undergo many sad perplexities and perhaps never see again my own beloved America.;John James Audubon;sad
My mother sent me to psychiatrists since the age of four because she didn't think little boys should be sad. When my brother was born, I stared out the window for days. Can you imagine that?;Andy Kaufman;sad
51st State was one that I loved doing because the character was so out there, and in a way I was sad to leave the character behind. I'm afraid I could never be that cool in real life!;Emily Mortimer;sad
You have to sound sad first of all, then maybe later you can sound good.;Steve Lacy;sad
I often feel like I have this spirit living inside of me, always dressing in like short mini skirts... but then I start to discover myself. So there are eight spirits, mischievous ones, sad ones, handsome ones, wise ones, and crazy ones.;Bai Ling;sad
At that time, I feel sad, and I feel no one knows how hard I work and how many tears. They only know the score. At that time, I feel very lonely because no one understands since they haven't been world No. 1 before.;Yani Tseng;sad
Everything takes me longer than I expect. It's the sad truth about life.;Donna Tartt;sad
I have had stalkers over the years. The police deal with it but it is very scary. One man kept turning up where we filmed 'Countdown in Leeds,' which was scary. It was sad as he'd been sectioned and thought I was talking to him through the TV.;Carol Vorderman;sad
Just because I'm talking about something that might have been a sad or painful situation doesn't mean that I'm sad or tortured 24 hours a day any more than anybody else is.;Lucinda Williams;sad
I think that's very sad, that I haven't allowed my heart to be broken. I have broken a few.;Sally Field;sad
You will soon find that I am a bit obsessive about my work. And that is a little sad, one often feels strangely restricted, not finding time to simmer, although one actually has many interests.;Arne Jacobsen;sad
I've traveled around the country and I read local newspapers and all of that, and it's a sad, sad thing to go from city to city and see the small newspapers and they're tiny. They're tiny not only in size but also in scope.;Jim Lehrer;sad
Ladies and gentlemen, it is with great sadness that I announce that I will resign as Australia's Minister for Foreign Affairs. I am sad because I love this job. I'm totally dedicated to the work that we are doing in Australia's name around the world, and I believe that we have achieved many good results for Australia, and I'm proud of them.;Kevin Rudd;sad
In film, you can have sad endings.;Anna Torv;sad
I'm a person who likes these sort of movies... sad but moving 'art movies' that normally are at a festival and then they go to a small art house theater and disappear.;Zach Braff;sad
If I was sad or afraid, I would sit in a corner and sing. If I was happy I would jump into the middle of the room and sing. It was how I expressed my emotions.;Nana Mouskouri;sad
It's incredible that they censor films. It's sad.;Dario Argento;sad
People say, oh it's a shame, you're not nostalgic about the '60s. Well actually, it's quite good, when you think of it. Wouldn't it be sad if I was sitting here wishing it back?;Robert Wyatt;sad
I'm so grounded, it's sad.;Patti LaBelle;sad
I'm sad to see the passing of the great drug warriors. I certainly did my part in that battle and I don't regret any of it.;Marc Maron;sad
When I look back at those pictures of my mother performing - and listen to her recordings - it makes me sad to think that all of that joy she found in her work came to an end. I wish she hadn't had to make that sacrifice, even if it was for the benefit of my father and siblings and me.;Marlo Thomas;sad
If I don't make it, I'll be very sad that there are things I didn't do, but I'm happy that I've done what I have.;Stephen Jay Gould;sad
I'm not sad about any of my life. It's so unconventional. It doesn't look anything like I thought it would.;Edie Falco;sad
I've always been drawn to Marilyn Monroe, but certain aspects of her story may be too sad to tell.;Sherilyn Fenn;sad
Here in the United States, our profession is much maligned, people simply don't trust or like journalists anymore and that's sad.;Christiane Amanpour;sad
'The Taxi Ride,' from my second album, is one people want to hear a lot. I'm consciously trying to walk on the sunny side of the street, to really lift myself into a place of greater positivity, and that's a sad song.;Jane Siberry;sad
We have newsreaders behaving like actors, lowering their voices if it's a sad story, as if we didn't know it's a sad story. There isn't a single cool newsreader.;Tom Baker;sad
And it's sad because it's like a surprise to people - almost an anomaly - when artists are actually refined and trained on an instrument. That's the last thing people think about.;Vanessa Carlton;sad
Home will always be Northern Ireland but my schedule means for the next few years I won't be there as much. I can't do the same things that I did a year ago. That is I'm something conscious of, but I'm not sad about it. It's fine.;Rory McIlroy;sad
Love Is Louder is a movement that is hopefully going to bring some awareness and make some noise when it comes to teens who are feeling suicidal or even just sad, outcasts, and being bullied, and really feel like they have nowhere to turn to.;Brittany Snow;sad
Atari is a very sad story.;Steve Wozniak;sad
In Mississippi, you don't admit that you're gay. It's just an awkward thing down South, which is sad.;Lance Bass;sad
You know, the sad thing of post-9/11, which was of course horrific, was that the city in which I felt completely at home for two decades, suddenly people like us - brown people - were looked at as the 'Others.';Mira Nair;sad
There is no such thing as death. In nature nothing dies. From each sad remnant of decay, some forms of life arise so shall his life be taken away before he knoweth that he hath it.;Charles Mackay;sad
It's very simple, I just tell my sad story, and people weep.;Corazon Aquino;sad
My experience, with both my parents, is that grief has a lot of down, sad things, but I was also really emotionally raw, in the first year after each of them passed. Flowers smelled more intensely, my relationships were hotter, and I was more willing to risk. I was going for it a lot more. I was 'unsober' and I wasn't playing by my rules.;Mike Mills;sad
Though I know he loves me, tonight my heart is sad his kiss was not so wonderful as all the dreams I had.;Sara Teasdale;sad
People are so codified - it's sad.;Jean Paul Gaultier;sad
I think I have a dark view of the world. I have to make everything funny, otherwise it all seems so sad.;Moon Unit Zappa;sad
It's sad and upsetting when you see somebody crying hysterically, but at the same time it's real funny.;Seth Green;sad
The day you think there is no improvements to be made is a sad one for any player.;Lionel Messi;sad
I'm not a very serious person. You know how they say that clowns are very funny in public and are really sad at home? I'm really kind of stupid at home and more serious in public.;Roland Joffe;sad
Informed by our sad experience of history, we require nothing short of a foundation for lasting democracy.;Ibrahim Babangida;sad
The South is very beautiful but its beauty makes one sad because the lives that people live here, and have lived here, are so ugly.;James Baldwin;sad
So many schools are getting rid of music programs and it's really sad because I know that when I started singing and stuff it was something that I always wanted to do and I never believed in myself to be able to do it.;Hilary Duff;sad
It's very rare that things are true about yourself that are on the Internet. It's just sad sometimes. So you definitely try and stay away from it as much as possible.;Taylor Lautner;sad
However, we might oppose it, abortion is a sad feature of modern life.;Robert Casey;sad
The sad truth is that opportunity doesn't knock twice.;Gloria Estefan;sad
Now I'll read anytime, anywhere. I love reading in front of the space heater. Isn't that a sad confession? But it's like my substitute for the roaring fireplace of yore.;Karen Russell;sad
Ideally, I would love to mix singing and acting, but you can only be a pop star for so many years. I mean, at 30 it's a little bit sad, right?;Rachel Stevens;sad
I'm a sucker for sad disco pop.;Sophie Ellis-Bextor;sad
It was a long time in the making, my divorce. One day became less special than the next, and pretty soon, we ceased all conversation. It is a sad day when you have nothing left to say.;Ricki Lake;sad
Next to a lost battle, nothing is so sad as a battle that has been won.;Arthur Wellesley;sad
Well, you know, too much democracy is a sort of sad thing.;Ann Richards;sad
With the other fellow actors who have gone astray, I think it's sad that society wants to label the business as doing this to people. It's really not true.;Tina Yothers;sad
I like to write sad songs. They're much easier to write and you get a lot more emotion into them. But people don't want to hear them as much. And radio definitely doesn't they want that positive, uptempo thing.;Alan Jackson;sad
Because the sad fact is that the Enron Corporation and others manipulated with unfortunately great effect the energy market in the West Coast starting in 2000.;Jay Inslee;sad
Everybody likes Johnny Cash. I think the sad part of it is his health is givin' him problems.;Merle Haggard;sad
I'm incredibly sad that my mother's not here to see my kids and that my kids don't get to know her. And she didn't meet my husband. That's one of the hardest things. I don't even know how to put that into words.;Stella McCartney;sad
I think the thing's that perhaps sad really is that younger people haven't come in and I think it must have been absolutely fantastic to have worked in the 50's when you had all of the great Broadway composers and when West Side Story didn't win the Tony Award.;Andrew Lloyd Webber;sad
Women are reputed never to be disgusted. The sad fact is that they often are, but not with men following the lead of men, they are most often disgusted with themselves.;Germaine Greer;sad
I'm proud of my invention, but I'm sad that it is used by terrorists.;Mikhail Kalashnikov;sad
I think a lot of people think that my parents' deaths is why I write such sad songs, but that's not true. Those songs may just be the woman I am.;Shelby Lynne;sad
I felt sad because everyday I had to wake up early to practice before going to school. After school I had to go back to tennis again, and then after tennis I had homework. I didn't have time to play.;Li Na;sad
Saturdays and Sundays, America in the year 2009 does not in some ways differ significantly from the country that existed almost 50 years ago. This is truly sad.;Eric Holder;sad
It's a sad indication of where Washington has come, where policy differences almost necessarily become questions of integrity. I came to Washington in the late '70s, and people had the ability in the past to have intense policy differences but didn't feel the need to question the other person's character.;Eric Holder;sad
It's sad when you can't make everyone happy, though. It's impossible but, at the same time, you still hope. You think, 'Maybe I can do it,' but you know you can't. But gosh, if I had to rely on giving people what they wanted, I would have had to write 40 billion different books and even then, I wouldn't get it right.;Stephenie Meyer;sad
It's so sad: anything that has to do with God, people want to dispel.;Sylvia Browne;sad
It feels really sad, to me, to go to a dark bedroom. It's like surrendering to the night or something.;James Franco;sad
To the indefinite, uncertain mind of the American radical the most contradictory ideas and methods are possible. The result is a sad chaos in the radical movement, a sort of intellectual hash, which has neither taste nor character.;Emma Goldman;sad
What makes me sad about school is that the people who are unhappy are unhappy because they don't believe it will change. And I just want to say: 'It does! High school ends and it's over.' I will tell anyone that it's OK to be unhappy at school, make lots of mistakes and then it will be over.;Alice Englert;sad
Well in the end the world can crank itself up to sanctions, as it has with Zimbabwe, another sad case.;Helen Clark;sad
I love New York. I was sad, depressed and incredibly moved by our fellow countrymen and what they've done. I wanted to give people a chance to see something funny, have a distraction.;Ben Stiller;sad
Life can be challenging and sad... but music is the easy part.;St. Vincent;sad
It's an indication of how cynical our society has become that any kind of love story with a sad theme is automatically ridiculed as sentimental junk.;Winona Ryder;sad
You know what I have noticed? And this is really sad. Flying first class is less scary than flying coach. They speak to you and they're so nice to you and they want to help you and they know you want a drink before the plane takes off. And they bring it to you without asking. If you're sitting in coach and hoping for a drink, good luck.;Hope Davis;sad
Nowadays you really have to pump out that blockbuster in order to have the luxury of getting a body of work, and that's sad because the work suffers. Today everything is based on money. The older actors, they inspire me.;Dylan McDermott;sad
We tell them that we believe it will be beautiful because that is our specialty, we only create joy and beauty. We have never done a sad work. Through the drawings, we hope a majority will be able to visualize it.;Christo;sad
There's all this stuff that is happening in Edinburgh now, it's a sad attempt to create an Edinburgh society, similar to a London society, a highbrow literature celebrity society.;Irvine Welsh;sad
You put a song on the record or on tape and you stop singing it. You just don't sit around and sing it anymore unless you're performing. That's kind of sad.;Rick Danko;sad
Money is a tremendous advantage in just about everything, but in terms of reproduction, if you're a poor woman and you are infertile, it's like too bad, so sad. And if you are a wealthy woman, you can kind of buy whatever you want.;Jennifer Weiner;sad
I'm sad to say that stardom is a commodity in our culture.;Christine Baranski;sad
Sad Patience, too near neighbour to despair.;Matthew Arnold;sad
What's really sad is that a lot of very talented people are being forced to do things that are very embarrassing and I don't intend to be one of them.;Boy George;sad
