My father wasn't really involved and my mom is the light in my life.;Marion Jones;parenting
I've said it before, but it's absolutely true: My mother gave me my drive, but my father gave me my dreams. Thanks to him, I could see a future.;Liza Minnelli;parenting
Fathers and mothers have lost the idea that the highest aspiration they might have for their children is for them to be wise... specialized competence and success are all that they can imagine.;Allan Bloom;parenting
Family life was wonderful. The streets were bleak. The playgrounds were bleak. But home was always warm. My mother and father had a great relationship. I always felt 'safe' there.;Robert Cormier;parenting
Parents were invented to make children happy by giving them something to ignore.;Ogden Nash;parenting
Family involvement is a valuable thing and playing together actively can be the '90s version of it. Instead of just watching, you can do it together... something we don't spend enough time on. We can motivate and excite each other about fitness.;Alan Thicke;parenting
Education, like neurosis, begins at home.;Milton Sapirstein;parenting
I feel very blessed to have two wonderful, healthy children who keep me completely grounded, sane and throw up on my shoes just before I go to an awards show just so I know to keep it real.;Reese Witherspoon;parenting
No one knows his true character until he has run out of gas, purchased something on the installment plan and raised an adolescent.;Marcelene Cox;parenting
I don't think children's inner feelings have changed. They still want a mother and father in the very same house they want places to play.;Beverly Cleary;parenting
There are 80 million moms in the United States. Forty million stay at home with their children.;Andrew Shue;parenting
I get whatever placidity I have from my father. But my mother taught me how to take it on the chin.;Norma Shearer;parenting
It's a great mistake, I think, to put children off with falsehoods and nonsense, when their growing powers of observation and discrimination excite in them a desire to know about things.;Anne Sullivan;parenting
I regret not having had more time with my kids when they were growing up.;Tina Turner;parenting
What feeling is so nice as a child's hand in yours? So small, so soft and warm, like a kitten huddling in the shelter of your clasp.;Marjorie Holmes;parenting
We expect teachers to handle teenage pregnancy, substance abuse, and the failings of the family. Then we expect them to educate our children.;John Sculley;parenting
I think I'm going to have to live vicariously through my daughter's rebellion because I certainly never did go through adolescence.;Brooke Shields;parenting
Do you want to be an artist and a writer, or a wife and a lover? With kids, your focus changes. I don't want to go to PTA meetings.;Stevie Nicks;parenting
Believe me, my children have more stamina than a power station.;Robbie Coltrane;parenting
That's my ideal day, time with my boys.;Kenny G;parenting
Mom and Dad would stay in bed on Sunday morning, but the kids would have to go to church.;Lynn Johnston;parenting
We criticize mothers for closeness. We criticize fathers for distance. How many of us have expected less from our fathers and appreciated what they gave us more? How many of us always let them off the hook?;Ellen Goodman;parenting
Home life's great, man. The kids are great, happy and healthy. I've reached this sort of wonderful precipice.;Ryan Phillippe;parenting
My mother was the influence in my life. She was strong she had great faith in the ultimate triumph of justice and hard work. She believed passionately in education.;John H. Johnson;parenting
We all have an interest in making sure teens grow up healthy and drug-free.;John Walters;parenting
I'd just as soon stay home and raise babies.;June Allyson;parenting
Mama and Daddy King represent the best in manhood and womanhood, the best in a marriage, the kind of people we are trying to become.;Coretta Scott King;parenting
My mom's a Catholic, and my dad's a Jew, and they didn't want anything to do with anything.;Isabelle Huppert;parenting
There are some great questions to ask your doctor. If he says 'no,' then you find yourself a different doctor. There really has to be a change in how we medically look at women at this time. I mean, this is not just baby gloom.;Marie Osmond;parenting
I wasn't very good about juggling family and my career. I was interested in who was coming to the children's birthday party, what my son was writing. I was thinking about Legos.;Jill Clayburgh;parenting
My father was a farmer and my mother was a farmer, but, my childhood was very good. I am very grateful for my childhood, because it was full of gladness and good humanity.;Roberto Benigni;parenting
No matter how calmly you try to referee, parenting will eventually produce bizarre behavior, and I'm not talking about the kids. Their behavior is always normal.;Bill Cosby;parenting
My childhood should have taught me lessons for my own fatherhood, but it didn't because parenting can only be learned by people who have no children.;Bill Cosby;parenting
Screaming at children over their grades, especially to the point of the child's tears, is child abuse, pure and simple. It's not funny and it's not good parenting. It is a crushing, scarring, disastrous experience for the child. It isn't the least bit funny.;Ben Stein;parenting
What lingers from the parent's individual past, unresolved or incomplete, often becomes part of her or his irrational parenting.;Virginia Satir;parenting
Autism is a neurological disorder. It's not caused by bad parenting. It's caused by, you know, abnormal development in the brain. The emotional circuits in the brain are abnormal. And there also are differences in the white matter, which is the brain's computer cables that hook up the different brain departments.;Temple Grandin;parenting
Parenting is one of the hardest jobs on earth.;Jennifer Aniston;parenting
I'm worried about parents who aren't parenting.;Barbara Bush;parenting
Of course, the ideal scenario for parenting is obviously two parents of a mature age.;Jennifer Aniston;parenting
The Golden Rule of Parenting is do unto your children as you wish your parents had done unto you!;Louise Hart;parenting
I would like to do another piece of fiction dealing with a number of issues: Lesbian parenting, the 1960's, and interracial relationships in the Lesbian and Gay community.;Audre Lorde;parenting
Parenting is the most important job on the planet next to keeping Gary Busey off the nation's highways.;Dennis Miller;parenting
Indeed - judicious, consistent parenting is a dream of mine. No judgements, learning space and listening carefully are my goals.;Emma Thompson;parenting
I thought that once we were out of the baby stage, parenting would be a breeze.;Tori Spelling;parenting
Kids are a great analogy. You want your kids to grow up, and you don't want your kids to grow up. You want your kids to become independent of you, but it's also a parent's worst nightmare: That they won't need you. It's like the real tragedy of parenting.;Jonathan Safran Foer;parenting
I barely have time for my own children. To adopt more children and not have time for them, that would be poor parenting on my part.;Mary J. Blige;parenting
Very often when you see families it's all perfect and neat, and parenting isn't like that. You do have constant negotiations. Things are ever developing and ever changing, and you constantly have to evaluate how you deal with your kids.;Clive Owen;parenting
We're living in a time when parenting is not at all mirroring the way I was parented. For me, I just followed my parents around on their errands when they were busy on the phone, I was quiet. It's a different kettle of fish these days: They run the house, and you listen to their music, and you go to their appointments.;Edie Falco;parenting
Don't reward bad behavior. It is one of the first rules of parenting. During the financial cataclysm of 2008, we said it differently. When we bailed out banks that had created their own misfortune, we called it a 'moral hazard,' because the bailout absolved the bank's bad acts and created an incentive for it to make the same bad loans again.;Eliot Spitzer;parenting
Women are individuals in parenting, and why not?;Erica Jong;parenting
While not impossible, it is especially challenging for teenage parents to develop bonds with their children. A high percent of them were themselves children of teenage parents and have never experienced appropriate parenting.;Jane Fonda;parenting
No, I've never wanted kids. But I do read about parenting a lot.;Fiona Apple;parenting
I'm trying to break any chain of negative parenting that I might have survived.;Eddie Vedder;parenting
My grandmother was a kind of Scarsdale, New York, society woman, best known in her day as the author of the 1959 book 'Growing Your Own Way: An Informal Guide for Teen-Agers' - this despite being a person whose parenting style made Joan Crawford's wire hangers look like pool noodles.;Sloane Crosley;parenting
Ah, the power of two. There's nothing quite like it. Especially when it comes to paying utility bills, parenting, cooking elaborate meals, purchasing a grown-up bed, jumping rope and lifting heavy machinery. The world favours pairs. Who wants to waste the wood building an ark for singletons?;Sloane Crosley;parenting
I hope to find the roles that are age appropriate but not yearning to be younger, or parenting ad nauseam.;Debra Winger;parenting
Parenting, as an unpaid occupation outside the world of public power, entails lower status, less power, and less control of resources than paid work.;Nancy Chodorow;parenting
Parenting is an impossible job at any age.;Harrison Ford;parenting
We must return optimism to our parenting. To focus on the joys, not the hassles the love, not the disappointments the common sense, not the complexities.;Fred G. Gosman;parenting
In truth, I am a single mother. But I don't feel alone at all in parenting my daughter. Krishna has a whole other side of her family who loves her, too. And so Krishna is parented by me, but also by her grandmother and aunts and cousins and uncles and friends.;Padma Lakshmi;parenting
Relationships are complicated no matter what style of parenting you choose.;Mayim Bialik;parenting
Attachment parenting is not a passive parenting style.;Mayim Bialik;parenting
I've become sort of an accidental advocate for attachment parenting, which is a style of parenting that... basically, the way mammals parent and the way people have parented for pretty much all of human history except the last 200 years or so.;Mayim Bialik;parenting
I have a neuroscience background - that's what my doctorate is in - and I was trained to study hormones of attachment, so I definitely feel my parenting is informed by that.;Mayim Bialik;parenting
I came to parenting the way most of us do - knowing nothing and trying to learn everything.;Mayim Bialik;parenting
I realize that of all people, I am no expert on parenting or marriage.;Mika Brzezinski;parenting
Abortion is defended today as a means of ensuring the equality and independence of women, and as a solution to the problems of single parenting, child abuse, and the feminization of poverty.;Robert Casey;parenting
So, you know, parenting is a very intimate and amazing experience and one of the best experiences of my life.;Uma Thurman;parenting
I had three children while doing a show, as demanding as 'Good Morning America,' so this is - you know, it's almost like I'm less daunted about motherhood, and parenting at this point in time. And I think I'm just much more fit and healthy than I was 20-years-ago.;Joan Lunden;parenting
For decades, parents were told by so-called parenting 'experts' that offspring would be best raised on the belief each is special and entitled to all life has to offer.;Bob Barr;parenting
Parenting is not for sissies. You have to sacrifice and grow up.;Jillian Michaels;parenting
If there is any truth to my parenting the dreamwork movement, it comes from the power of the press.;Henry Reed;parenting
I grew up with no money. My kids will grow up with a lot of money and so it's really important to me, and it will always be a part of my parenting, to keep them conscientious and connected socially to other people.;Ryan Phillippe;parenting
I take parenting incredibly seriously. I want to be there for my kids and help them navigate the world, and develop skills, emotional intelligence, to enjoy life, and I'm lucky to be able to do that and have two healthy, normal boys.;Joan Cusack;parenting
The number of stressors has multiplied exponentially: traffic, money, success, work/life balance, the economy, the environment, parenting, family conflict, relationships, disease. As the nature of human life has become far more complicated, our ancient stress response hasn't been able to keep up.;Andrew Bernstein;parenting
I'm torn about late parenting. I believe people should spend their twenties living and having fun and not having any regrets later. I also think people in their thirties generally make better parents but so many of my friends are having trouble - myself included - as fathers get older.;Eric McCormack;parenting
My kids love it. I thought I was the coolest dad in the world when I got to be in a Bond film, but 'Harry Potter', too? Well, I think I qualify for a medal for exceptional parenting or something, don't you?;Robbie Coltraine;parenting
Parents are key when it comes to keeping kids off drugs. Good parenting is the best anti-drug we have.;Mel Carnahan;parenting
I'm a parent, especially when you've had the intense parenting the way I had. It's all in the bank. It's all in the great experience bank. Those are your secrets. That's the stuff that makes your work rich, that's what you dip into.;Hector Elizondo;parenting
For me, Twitter works best as a way of taking pictures of being stuck in traffic on the Brooklyn Bridge. If people really want to read really funny quips about life, parenting, and pop culture, then by all means read Michael Ian Black's tweets.;Michael Showalter;parenting
In response to our fast-food culture, a 'slow food' movement appeared. Out of hurried parenthood, a move toward slow parenting could be growing. With vital government supports for state-of-the-art public child care and paid parental leave, maybe we would be ready to try slow love and marriage.;Arlie Russell Hochschild;parenting
I'm hosting weekend retreats all over America. It is like a 24-hour slumber party for moms. We laugh, eat, play games, get massages, win prizes, talk about parenting and even cry a bit.;Lisa Whelchel;parenting
Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness. It is far better take things as they come along with patience and equanimity.;Carl Jung;patience
Never cut a tree down in the wintertime. Never make a negative decision in the low time. Never make your most important decisions when you are in your worst moods. Wait. Be patient. The storm will pass. The spring will come.;Robert H. Schuller;patience
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.;Napoleon Hill;patience
We could never learn to be brave and patient, if there were only joy in the world.;Helen Keller;patience
How poor are they that have not patience! What wound did ever heal but by degrees?;William Shakespeare;patience
Our real blessings often appear to us in the shape of pains, losses and disappointments but let us have patience and we soon shall see them in their proper figures.;Joseph Addison;patience
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet.;Jean-Jacques Rousseau;patience
For anything worth having one must pay the price and the price is always work, patience, love, self-sacrifice - no paper currency, no promises to pay, but the gold of real service.;John Burroughs;patience
Abused patience turns to fury.;Thomas Fuller;patience
How many a man has thrown up his hands at a time when a little more effort, a little more patience would have achieved success.;Elbert Hubbard;patience
Be patient and understanding. Life is too short to be vengeful or malicious.;Phillips Brooks;patience
Have patience with all things, But, first of all with yourself.;Saint Francis de Sales;patience
A man who is a master of patience is master of everything else.;George Savile;patience
The test of good manners is to be patient with the bad ones.;Solomon Ibn Gabirol;patience
I am patient with stupidity but not with those who are proud of it.;Edith Sitwell;patience
It is easier to find men who will volunteer to die, than to find those who are willing to endure pain with patience.;Julius Caesar;patience
Have patience. All things are difficult before they become easy.;Saadi;patience
