The task of the leader is to get his people from where they are to where they have not been.;Henry A. Kissinger;leadership
People who don't take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year. People who do take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year.;Peter Drucker;leadership
If you care enough for a result, you will most certainly attain it.;William James;leadership
If you command wisely, you'll be obeyed cheerfully.;Thomas Fuller;leadership
High expectations are the key to everything.;Sam Walton;leadership
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade.;Tom Peters;leadership
Leadership is unlocking people's potential to become better.;Bill Bradley;leadership
Every act of conscious learning requires the willingness to suffer an injury to one's self-esteem. That is why young children, before they are aware of their own self-importance, learn so easily.;Thomas Szasz;leadership
Leadership is influence.;John C. Maxwell;leadership
Leadership is diving for a loose ball, getting the crowd involved, getting other players involved. It's being able to take it as well as dish it out. That's the only way you're going to get respect from the players.;Larry Bird;leadership
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more than pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto.;W. Clement Stone;leadership
How we think shows through in how we act. Attitudes are mirrors of the mind. They reflect thinking.;David Joseph Schwartz;leadership
Go as far as you can see when you get there, you'll be able to see farther.;J. P. Morgan;leadership
A leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone.;Henry A. Kissinger;leadership
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality.;Warren G. Bennis;leadership
The art of leadership is saying no, not saying yes. It is very easy to say yes.;Tony Blair;leadership
Making good decisions is a crucial skill at every level.;Peter Drucker;leadership
People buy into the leader before they buy into the vision.;John C. Maxwell;leadership
The real leader has no need to lead - he is content to point the way.;Henry Miller;leadership
Without initiative, leaders are simply workers in leadership positions.;Bo Bennett;leadership
There are three secrets to managing. The first secret is have patience. The second is be patient. And the third most important secret is patience.;Chuck Tanner;leadership
No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit.;Andrew Carnegie;leadership
Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get.;Ray Kroc;leadership
Everyone who's ever taken a shower has an idea. It's the person who gets out of the shower, dries off and does something about it who makes a difference.;Nolan Bushnell;leadership
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves.;Ray Kroc;leadership
It is, after all, the responsibility of the expert to operate the familiar and that of the leader to transcend it.;Henry A. Kissinger;leadership
Management is about arranging and telling. Leadership is about nurturing and enhancing.;Tom Peters;leadership
In fair weather prepare for foul.;Thomas Fuller;leadership
The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell.;Andrew Carnegie;leadership
Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority.;Tom Hopkins;leadership
When your values are clear to you, making decisions becomes easier.;Roy E. Disney;leadership
The key to being a good manager is keeping the people who hate me away from those who are still undecided.;Casey Stengel;leadership
Millions saw the apple fall, but Newton was the one who asked why.;Bernard Baruch;leadership
The amount of good luck coming your way depends on your willingness to act.;Barbara Sher;leadership
The exercise of power is determined by thousands of interactions between the world of the powerful and that of the powerless, all the more so because these worlds are never divided by a sharp line: everyone has a small part of himself in both.;Vaclav Havel;leadership
The speed of the leader is the speed of the gang.;Mary Kay Ash;leadership
The secret of my success is a two word answer: Know people.;Harvey S. Firestone;leadership
Doing is a quantum leap from imagining.;Barbara Sher;leadership
Time is neutral and does not change things. With courage and initiative, leaders change things.;Jesse Jackson;leadership
Leaders must encourage their organizations to dance to forms of music yet to be heard.;Warren G. Bennis;leadership
Clarity affords focus.;Thomas Leonard;leadership
I'm not a natural leader. I'm too intellectual I'm too abstract I think too much.;Newt Gingrich;leadership
The employer generally gets the employees he deserves.;J. Paul Getty;leadership
Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal.;E. Joseph Cossman;leadership
If you have ideas, you have the main asset you need, and there isn't any limit to what you can do with your business and your life. Ideas are any man's greatest asset.;Harvey S. Firestone;leadership
I look for what needs to be done. After all, that's how the universe designs itself.;R. Buckminster Fuller;leadership
Today a reader, tomorrow a leader.;Margaret Fuller;leadership
Think little goals and expect little achievements. Think big goals and win big success.;David Joseph Schwartz;leadership
My attitude is never to be satisfied, never enough, never.;Duke Ellington;leadership
Leaders grasp nettles.;David Ogilvy;leadership
You're only as good as the people you hire.;Ray Kroc;leadership
It is rare to find a business partner who is selfless. If you are lucky it happens once in a lifetime.;Michael Eisner;leadership
The great leaders have always stage-managed their effects.;Charles de Gaulle;leadership
Get the best people and train them well.;Scott McNealy;leadership
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves.;E. Joseph Cossman;leadership
Every silver lining has a cloud.;Mary Kay Ash;leadership
Good enough never is.;Debbi Fields;leadership
Great companies in the way they work, start with great leaders.;Steve Ballmer;leadership
Strong convictions precede great actions.;James Freeman Clarke;leadership
To succeed, one must be creative and persistent.;John H. Johnson;leadership
What helps people, helps business.;Leo Burnett;leadership
Problems are only opportunities in work clothes.;Henry J. Kaiser;leadership
You have to have your heart in the business and the business in your heart.;An Wang;leadership
You have no power at all if you do not exercise constant power.;Major Owens;leadership
Whatever ought to be, can be.;James Rouse;leadership
The very exercise of leadership fosters capacity for it.;Cyril Falls;leadership
The nicest thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from.;Ken Olsen;leadership
A good objective of leadership is to help those who are doing poorly to do well and to help those who are doing well to do even better.;Jim Rohn;leadership
The fact that we are here today to debate raising America's debt limit is a sign of leadership failure. America has a debt problem and a failure of leadership. Americans deserve better. I, therefore, intend to oppose the effort to increase America's debt.;Barack Obama;leadership
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.;John F. Kennedy;leadership
The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, no matter whether it is on a section gang, a football field, in an army, or in an office.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;leadership
We can't drive our SUVs and eat as much as we want and keep our homes on 72 degrees at all times... and then just expect that other countries are going to say OK. That's not leadership. That's not going to happen.;Barack Obama;leadership
But the person who scored well on an SAT will not necessarily be the best doctor or the best lawyer or the best businessman. These tests do not measure character, leadership, creativity, perseverance.;William Julius Wilson;leadership
You learn far more from negative leadership than from positive leadership. Because you learn how not to do it. And, therefore, you learn how to do it.;Norman Schwarzkopf;leadership
Educationists should build the capacities of the spirit of inquiry, creativity, entrepreneurial and moral leadership among students and become their role model.;Abdul Kalam;leadership
Leadership is a privilege to better the lives of others. It is not an opportunity to satisfy personal greed.;Mwai Kibaki;leadership
You don't lead by hitting people over the head - that's assault, not leadership.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;leadership
Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better.;Harry S. Truman;leadership
Leadership is a potent combination of strategy and character. But if you must be without one, be without the strategy.;Norman Schwarzkopf;leadership
No institution can possibly survive if it needs geniuses or supermen to manage it. It must be organized in such a way as to be able to get along under a leadership composed of average human beings.;Peter Drucker;leadership
Leadership is the other side of the coin of loneliness, and he who is a leader must always act alone. And acting alone, accept everything alone.;Ferdinand Marcos;leadership
In giving us children, God places us in a position of both leadership and service. He calls us to give up our lives for someone else's sake - to abandon our own desires and put our child's interests first. Yet, according to His perfect design, it is through this selflessness that we can become truly fulfilled.;Charles Stanley;leadership
God will never direct us to be prideful, arrogant and unforgiving, immoral or slothful or full of fear. We step into these things because we are insensitive to the leadership of the Holy Spirit within us.;Charles Stanley;leadership
Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success leadership determines whether the ladder is leaning against the right wall.;Stephen Covey;leadership
My leadership will end the Obama era and begin a new era of American prosperity.;Mitt Romney;leadership
Central to America's rise to global leadership is our Judeo-Christian tradition with the vision of the goodness and possibilities of every human life.;Mitt Romney;leadership
Leadership is a matter of having people look at you and gain confidence, seeing how you react. If you're in control, they're in control.;Tom Landry;leadership
Leadership to me means duty, honor, country. It means character, and it means listening from time to time.;George W. Bush;leadership
A functioning, robust democracy requires a healthy educated, participatory followership, and an educated, morally grounded leadership.;Chinua Achebe;leadership
The growth and development of people is the highest calling of leadership.;Harvey S. Firestone;leadership
Leadership in today's world requires far more than a large stock of gunboats and a hard fist at the conference table.;Hubert H. Humphrey;leadership
Leadership is getting players to believe in you. If you tell a teammate you're ready to play as tough as you're able to, you'd better go out there and do it. Players will see right through a phony. And they can tell when you're not giving it all you've got.;Larry Bird;leadership
I have a different vision of leadership. A leadership is someone who brings people together.;George W. Bush;leadership
Black leadership has to recognize that principles more than speech, character more than a claim, is greater in advancing the cause of our liberation than what has transpired thus far.;Louis Farrakhan;leadership
Leadership is an opportunity to serve. It is not a trumpet call to self-importance.;J. Donald Walters;leadership
Half a century ago, the amazing courage of Rosa Parks, the visionary leadership of Martin Luther King, and the inspirational actions of the civil rights movement led politicians to write equality into the law and make real the promise of America for all her citizens.;David Cameron;leadership
All of the great leaders have had one characteristic in common: it was the willingness to confront unequivocally the major anxiety of their people in their time. This, and not much else, is the essence of leadership.;John Kenneth Galbraith;leadership
Leadership can not be measured in a poll or even in the result of an election. It can only be truly seen with the benefit of time. From the perspective of 20 years, not 20 days.;Marco Rubio;leadership
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.;Ralph Nader;leadership
