Making movies is just like betting on horses at the racetrack.;Maureen O'Hara;movies
It just proves good movies don't need 100 million dollars to be good.;Emily Blunt;movies
Why should you have to atone for making big movies?;Emily Blunt;movies
In terms of number of movies, I've been in an extraordinary amount. If you count only the minutes I'm onscreen, it's not so long.;Wallace Shawn;movies
I've found that if you wear a beret, people think you're either a cabdriver or a producer of dirty movies.;Ernie Harwell;movies
I never read. The paper or anything. I watch a lot of movies, and TV series and stuff. But I never, never read.;Andy Murray;movies
In live action movies, you just hope that everything works. Because the actor may had a bad morning and doesn't play good, or accidents happen continuously. Many things contradict what you are trying to say. But in cartoons, nothing contradict what you want to say.;John Hench;movies
John Barry was my hero when I was about 13. His scores to the James Bond movies were the scores of my life back then.;Carter Burwell;movies
Well, look at all of these summer blockbusters. You can't help but laugh a little, because you've already seen a lot of these movies 482 times.;Sean Penn;movies
You can figure out who you were by which movies you loved when.;Mary Schmich;movies
I like being in kids' movies, and I like being in family movies.;Bill Nighy;movies
The movies were custard compared to politics.;Nancy Reagan;movies
I've seen little pieces of 'Interview with a Vampire' when it was on TV, but I kind of always go yuck! I don't watch R-rated movies, so that really cuts down on a lot of the horror.;Stephenie Meyer;movies
I look at myself as an audience member. I still love movies, and I still go and sit in the back of the big dark room with everybody else, and I want the same thrill.;Samuel L. Jackson;movies
I grew up watching those blaxploitation movies. Ron O'Neal, Richard Roundtree, Jim Brown, Pam Grier. For the first time, I saw 'The Negro' get one over on 'The Man.';Samuel L. Jackson;movies
I kind of realize that I have a tendency to choose the kind of films I watched when I was a kid and would go home and pretend with my friends that we were in those movies after we saw them.;Samuel L. Jackson;movies
All movies aren't fun some are hard work. You try to do something and convey a set of emotions that have to do with some real life kind of stuff.;Samuel L. Jackson;movies
People go to movies on Saturday to get away from the war in Iraq and taxes and election news and pedophiles online and just go and have some fun. I like doing movies that are fun.;Samuel L. Jackson;movies
For a number of years, I'd been around the kind of people who financed movies and the kind of people who are there to make the deals for movies. But I'd always had this naive idea that everybody wants to make movies as good as they can be, which is stupid.;David Fincher;movies
A lot of the themes of my movies, the actual stories, come from tabloid stories.;Errol Morris;movies
It's a required part of your film history to know who Woody is. His movies are so wonderful, and not just funny but so insightful about human behavior.;Scarlett Johansson;movies
I was going to make movies. I was the one in the family who was always rolling the video camera, making movies of my brothers around town, and then screening them for my parents. I still would love to make movies someday... that's something that really means a lot to me, and I know I'll have the chance to do it one day.;Joe Jonas;movies
Bill Hanna and I owe an awful lot to television, but we both got our start and built the first phase of our partnership in the movies.;Joseph Barbera;movies
I'd love to act more. I've had to turn down multiple movies because I was on tour, but it's encouraging to know that someday there might be the right role, the right timing. And I've been writing a lot of music, so hopefully very soon I'll have recorded a project of my own. I also want to get a boat and open a restaurant.;Joe Jonas;movies
When we were doing 'Freaks and Geeks', I didn't quite understand how movies and TV worked, and I would improvise even if the camera wasn't on me. I thought I was helping the other actors by keeping them on their toes, but nobody appreciated it when I would trip them up. So I was improvising a little bit back then, but not in a productive way.;James Franco;movies
My agent said, 'You aren't good enough for movies.' I said, 'You're fired.';Sally Field;movies
I don't make movies because I think audiences will want to go see them.;Jerry Bruckheimer;movies
Studios, because they are investing a great deal of money in movies, they want a guarantee that when they hire somebody that person can deliver for them. Everything is fear based, so they pigeonhole people. But I've written everything, from Westerns to sci-fi to dramedy, I've done it all.;Melissa Rosenberg;movies
I think that my vampires in general were influenced by my being allowed to watch the Hammer vampire films. Vampire Circus, also shown as Circus of Fear, was one of those movies.;Laurell K. Hamilton;movies
I've managed to do movies and still keep a lifestyle where I can go to ballgames, go to a grocery store like everybody else.;Chris Evans;movies
If your goal is to be the biggest movie star in the world, a 10-movie contract is gold. It was never my goal. Up until now, I made movies - and I have a nice house, a nice car. I'm fortunate, happy and grateful. Life is good.;Chris Evans;movies
All my good movies, nobody sees.;Chris Evans;movies
I don't know any form of art or entertainment that can affect people the way movies can. I know it sounds ridiculous, but they can change your world. They can change your views.;Chris Evans;movies
What do I geek out about? What am I? Hmmm. I love movies. I watch movies. I like big, sweeping epics, like Ed Zwick stuff: 'The Last Samurai,' 'Legends of the Fall,' 'Blood Diamond,' 'Glory.';Chris Evans;movies
It seems like the studios are either making giant blockbusters, or really super-small indies. And the mid-level films I grew up on, like 'Back to the Future' and all those John Hughes movies, the studios aren't doing. It's hard to get them on their feet.;Chris Evans;movies
Movies are movies, television is television.;Dirk Benedict;movies
I've had nine of my books adapted to film, and almost all were enjoyable. I've been very lucky with Hollywood, and look forward to more movies being adapted. But I don't get involved in that process. I know nothing about making movies and I stay away from it and hope for the best.;John Grisham;movies
My grandmother and I saw an average of eight movies a week, double features, second run.;Carol Burnett;movies
I don't like to watch my own movies - I fall asleep in my own movies.;Robert De Niro;movies
Movies are hard work. The public doesn't see that. The critics don't see it. But they're a lot of work. A lot of work.;Robert De Niro;movies
I'll work with a director if I think I'm going to get into a comfortable situation, and if it's someone I respect and who respects me, even if they're not so well known. Movies are hard to make, and you have to work toward a common ethic and do your best.;Robert De Niro;movies
Skinniness is not your friend when you're over 40. I'd like to gain a good 10 pounds, but I did always have a fat, round face that plagued me when I was young. When I started to make movies, I couldn't look at myself.;Ellen Barkin;movies
The way Hollywood portrays mothers - you're either all good and saint-like, or you're all bad. And I think the real honesty of motherhood is not given a voice in movies. I miss that as an audience member.;Ellen Barkin;movies
When they make a woman's picture, they treat it like a 'woman's picture.' In the '40s, they didn't treat Joan Crawford movies like that, but as the big movies of their year. I'm upset that there's no 'Terminator' with a woman in Arnold Schwarzenegger's role. Because that would make just as much money.;Ellen Barkin;movies
I'm always working on stuff. But they never materialize. I'm always working on movies and TV shows.;Colin Quinn;movies
American movies and music deliver themes of freedom, innocence, and power that appeal to others - partly because America itself was put together out of a multiplicity of national traditions.;Todd Gitlin;movies
Violent behavior exists in one's psychological makeup much deeper than the level that receives information from television or movies.;Richard King;movies
When I go into making a movie, personally, I don't try to bring other pieces of movies with me.;Amber Heard;movies
I think there's an instinct to make grotesque horror films that are purely carnal, like the 'Saw' movies.;Amber Heard;movies
I think more than writers, the major influences on me have been European movies, jazz, and Abstract Expressionism.;Don DeLillo;movies
I watch movies occasionally, and I watch documentaries. Virtually nothing else.;Don DeLillo;movies
I never stopped studying Buddhism. In the past few years, in between movies, I do a retreat.;Jet Li;movies
I am so happy because I want more people to like martial arts movie not just martial arts audience. Even martial arts can be used in comedy, in drama, in horror movies, in different kinds of movies.;Jet Li;movies
Coming Home had been made before and Apocalypse Now and Deer Hunter, different kinds of movies.;Oliver Stone;movies
Luis Bunuel made great movies.;Giancarlo Esposito;movies
I'm terrible at horror movies, by the way. I get scared so easily.;Oliver Stone;movies
Part of the reason why movie bosses are so obsessed with crime movies is because they know that world and the criminals. And that's what they are - they would not hesitate to act illegally to achieve profit and gain.;Peter Mullan;movies
One of the joys of going to the movies was that it was trashy, and we should never lose that.;Oliver Stone;movies
As a kid, I liked the 'Halloween' movies and 'Nightmare On Elm Street' and all that kind of stuff. But as an adult, I really don't watch much horror, to be honest.;Corey Feldman;movies
I'm a big kid, I'm a kid at heart, so I still love the classic family films, such as the great Warner Bros film 'Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory' - not the remake, but the original. It's still one of the best movies, hands down, ever made, and of course that goes back to the ingenuity of the characters and the storyline.;Corey Feldman;movies
I wanted to escape Small Town U.S.A. To dismiss the boundaries, to explore. My life experience came from watching movies, TV, and reading books and magazines. When your culture comes from watching TV everyday, you're bombarded with images of things that seem cool, places that seem interesting, people who have jobs and careers and opportunities.;Trent Reznor;movies
If dreams are like movies, then memories are films about ghosts.;Adam Duritz;movies
I went to film school and wanted to learn everything there was about making movies.;Zach Braff;movies
I'm a person who likes these sort of movies... sad but moving 'art movies' that normally are at a festival and then they go to a small art house theater and disappear.;Zach Braff;movies
In theater or movies you see either 'I'm religious' or 'I'm an atheist.' I've never seen too much discussion of 'I believe there's a higher power but I'm hesitant to reach out to him because I don't know if I'm worthy of his attention.';Zach Braff;movies
I've never been interested in action movies. Definitely not interested in sci-fi.;Carrie-Anne Moss;movies
And the VCR did the same thing: the movie industry thought nobody would ever watch movies any more.;Niklas Zennstrom;movies
I'm a spoilt brat. I thought I was just going to walk in and make movies. But I'd been my own boss for so long that all of a sudden to be facing a roomful of people who were niggling over every little scene... I just thought I'd go back and draw my comics and have a happy life.;Frank Miller;movies
I grew up on the crime stuff. Spillane, Chandler, Jim Thompson, and noir movies like Fuller, Orson Welles, Fritz Lang. When I first showed up in New York to write comics back in the late 1970s, I came with a bunch of crime stories but everybody just wanted men in tights.;Frank Miller;movies
In some movies you feel like you're a very small part of a huge machine. Whereas in the theater you can have a very small part, but you can still feel the weight and the gravity of it. Given the nature of theater, it's a more concentrated and quiet experience.;Minnie Driver;movies
I don't know if I see myself as really an action hero, but I like doing physical movies and I like doing movies where the writing is very lean.;Jodie Foster;movies
I love European movies and I kind of grew up on European films.;Jodie Foster;movies
If I have to produce movies, direct movies, whatever to change the way Hollywood treats older women, I'll do it. If I have to bend the rules, I will. If I have to break them, I will.;Naomi Watts;movies
I've always had this idea that I wanted movies to make people better not worse.;Jodie Foster;movies
I love making movies, but there's nothing like being in front of an audience.;Patrick Wilson;movies
So, yes, there's nothing I love more than listening to directors talk about their movies.;Jodie Foster;movies
With actors like Steve McQueen, Paul Newman and Harrison Ford, what made them such icons is that even in dramatic movies, their characters had a sense of humor.;Patrick Wilson;movies
The movies I made when I was 14 or 15, I have a hard time looking at those. Those were the awkward years. I don't know if anybody can look at something they did when they were 14 and not wince.;Jodie Foster;movies
Movies will end up being this esoteric art form, where only singular people will put films out in a small group of theaters.;M. Night Shyamalan;movies
I made about 28 movies, and I think about five of them were good.;Chevy Chase;movies
I grew up watching Steven Spielberg and scary movies.;M. Night Shyamalan;movies
Even in the former Soviet Union, they have good copies of my movies.;Dario Argento;movies
My normal cycle for movies is eighteen months and each part is separate.;M. Night Shyamalan;movies
Maybe when I stop making movies, I'll understand my work better.;Dario Argento;movies
When I was a kid, I had two great guilty pleasures. One was horror movies and the other was martial arts movies.;M. Night Shyamalan;movies
The thing that's protected me creatively is that the movies have made profits.;M. Night Shyamalan;movies
I do other sorts of things. I act in other people's movies. I direct operas. I write books.;Werner Herzog;movies
American movies are often very good at mining those great underlying myths that make films robustly travel across class, age, gender, culture.;Tom Hooper;movies
The first two movies I directed failed, when I was 21 and 23, and that was the greatest thing that could have happened.;M. Night Shyamalan;movies
All studio movies are the middle of the Bell curve. The only way to do something is to do it yourself. And the only way to do that is to not take any money from anyone or take as little money as possible from anyone and that's it.;Thomas Lennon;movies
I manage to hide in my movies.;Liev Schreiber;movies
Hollywood and the recording industry argue that current law permits the copying of songs and movies, and sharing them on the Internet. This enables young people to grow up learning how to steal.;Suzanne Fields;movies
Well, the thing about great fictional characters from literature, and the reason that they're constantly turned into characters in movies, is that they completely speak to what makes people human.;Keira Knightley;movies
I didn't know this about myself, but when 'Pirates of the Caribbean' came out I realised that I didn't enjoy a huge amount of recognition. I didn't react to it well, but I think life is about finding out who you are and what you like. So I started doing independent movies and art-house films instead.;Keira Knightley;movies
I use to watch like maybe three or four movies, five days out of the week. I was a movie buff, but I really didn't know what it was like behind the scenes, or the whole political process of it.;Michelle Rodriguez;movies
Man, I love the 'Lord of the Rings' movies. Some people would say I'm weird for liking those types of movies, but they are so cool.;Robert Griffin III;movies
I want to work with great directors. I want to work on good material with good actors. I've probably done 20 movies at this point and a lot of independents. It's been an incredible ride and I love it and I'm just going to keep going and doing what I'm doing.;Famke Janssen;movies
I love scary movies. The Shining and Don't Look Now are two of the best.;Famke Janssen;movies
Everybody gets typecast in movies, but you have to make wise choices. I'd say around 90 percent of movie casting is about the way you look, so you have to fight that. If producers had their way, I'd only be in action films, but I'm interested in a more varied career than that.;Famke Janssen;movies
