I don't think that the feminist movement has done much for the characters of women.;Doris Lessing;women
Respecting other people's cultures is well and good, but I draw the line at where some branches of Islam, what they do to women. It's indefensible.;Jello Biafra;women
All my friends' mothers were appalling women.;Doris Lessing;women
I will say that the idea of a woman being deceptive came from that original discussion with critics and reporters about if woman could do that kind of thing. Evelyn, herself, grew out of the discussions about how capable women are of deceit and lying and manipulation.;Neil LaBute;women
You cannot escape the fact that women mould your first five years, whether you like it or not. And I can't say I do like it very much.;Doris Lessing;women
I'm probably writing music now for the same reason as I started writing songs when I was 14 - to meet women.;Billy Joel;women
Equal pay isn't just a women's issue when women get equal pay, their family incomes rise and the whole family benefits.;Mike Honda;women
Men and women must be educated, in a great degree, by the opinions and manners of the society they live in.;Mary Wollstonecraft;women
Women have seldom sufficient employment to silence their feelings a round of little cares, or vain pursuits frittering away all strength of mind and organs, they become naturally only objects of sense.;Mary Wollstonecraft;women
Children, I grant, should be innocent but when the epithet is applied to men, or women, it is but a civil term for weakness.;Mary Wollstonecraft;women
If the abstract rights of man will bear discussion and explanation, those of women, by a parity of reasoning, will not shrink from the same test.;Mary Wollstonecraft;women
Freedom is secured every day by our men and women in uniform. We must build a future worthy of their sacrifice.;Nancy Pelosi;women
I wish I could just go tell all the young women I work with, all these fabulous women, 'Believe in yourself and negotiate for yourself. Own your own success.' I wish I could tell that to my daughter. But it's not that simple.;Sheryl Sandberg;women
You become tyrannized by this notion that women must not only be treated equally, but they must never fail.;David Duchovny;women
I am the woman I grew to be partly in spite of my mother, and partly because of the extraordinary love of her best friends, and my own best friends' mothers, and from surrogates, many of whom were not women at all but gay men. I have loved them my entire life, even after their passing.;Anne Lamott;women
Let's stop pretending we can arrest our way to safety and security. Despite all the fine work that policemen and women do, we have got to find other solutions to deter crime.;Carrie P. Meek;women
Sensible and responsible women do not want to vote. The relative positions to be assumed by man and woman in the working out of our civilization were assigned long ago by a higher intelligence than ours.;Grover Cleveland;women
The use of the atomic bomb, with its indiscriminate killing of women and children, revolts my soul.;Herbert Hoover;women
I love women's fashion, but women don't need me as much as men do. It's the men who have nothing to wear.;Roberto Cavalli;women
Like all sciences and all valuations, the psychology of women has hitherto been considered only from the point of view of men.;Karen Horney;women
What made women's labour particularly attractive to the capitalists was not only its lower price but also the greater submissiveness of women.;Clara Zetkin;women
I believe every child has the right to a mother and a father. Men and women are not the same. That's not to say they're not entitled to equal rights, but they are not the same.;Mark Davis;women
God almighty made women and the Rockefeller gang of thieves made the ladies.;Mary Harris Jones;women
Papa always makes it clear that he would like to know me as much more rational and lucid than the girls and women he gets to know during his analytic hours.;Anna Freud;women
Women will only have true equality when men share with them the responsibility of bringing up the next generation.;Ruth Bader Ginsburg;women
Women have to harness their power - its absolutely true. It's just learning not to take the first no. And if you can't go straight ahead, you go around the corner.;Cher;women
Breast cancer deaths in America have been declining for more than a decade. Much of that success is due to early detection and better treatments for women. I strongly encourage women to get a mammogram.;Larry Craig;women
Then I read Little Women, and of course, like a lot of really young girls, I was very taken with Jo - Jo being the writer and the misfit.;Patti Smith;women
To generalize on women is dangerous. To specialize on them is infinitely worse.;Rudolph Valentino;women
I tend to go for women with common sense. Being down to earth stands out more than looks.;Seann William Scott;women
Men who care passionately for women attach themselves at least as much to the temple and to the accessories of the cult as to their goddess herself.;Marguerite Yourcenar;women
Men are going to go out on the road and they're going to find other women. So if you really want to save yourself a whole lot of heartache, do not fall in love with somebody in a band. Just don't.;Stevie Nicks;women
Men don't know much about women. We do know when they're happy. We know when they're crying, and we know when they're pissed off. We just don't know in what order these are gonna come at us.;Evan Davis;women
Women are more skilled than men at making gossip entertaining.;Kate Fox;women
Young women today often have very little appreciation for the real battles that took place to get women where they are today in this country. I don't know how much history young women today know about those battles.;Sandra Day O'Connor;women
Aren't women prudes if they don't and prostitutes if they do?;Kate Millett;women
There are women who make things better, there are women who change things, there are women who make things happen, who make a difference. I want to be one of those women.;Vera Farmiga;women
Despite the encouraging and wonderful gains and the changes for women which have occurred in my lifetime, there is still room to advance and to promote correction of the remaining deficiencies and imbalances.;Sandra Day O'Connor;women
I don't work a five-day week as a rule, and I've managed to fill that time up. It hasn't been that hard. I volunteer at school. I'm working because I love it. Yet, I don't not envy women who have a stay-at-home job, because you miss stuff.;Deidre Hall;women
I grew up in a family where the women were just nuts. They didn't stand around in cardigans making polite conversation while they chopped tomatoes.;Nadia Giosia;women
I think I am really irreverent and I pretty much just talk to and about men the way men talk to and about women.;Kesha;women
I had very supportive parents that made the way for me, even at a time when there were very few women - no women, really maybe two or three women - and very few, fewer than that, African-American women heading in this direction, so there were very few people to look up to. You just had to have faith.;Leah Ward Sears;women
Seventy-five percent of MS sufferers are women.;Teri Garr;women
There are over 200 million illiterate women in India. This low literacy negatively impacts not just their lives but also their families' and the country's economic development. A girl's lack of education also has a negative impact on the health and well-being of her children.;Sachin Tendulkar;women
I love to wear lingerie. The problem is that men always rip it off too quickly. When women are dolled up in lingerie they feel sexy. So let us wear it for five minutes.;Karen McDougal;women
I think the most important thing people can do to save our planet and the human race is to empower women!;Robert Ballard;women
It's so hard for women in this business. And I want to be doing this when I'm 50.;Sienna Miller;women
As a kid, I was always mad - just noticing the women at Thanksgiving, running around the kitchen, while the men were watching football. For one, I don't want to cook, and for two, I hate football. I was stuck in the middle.;Beth Ditto;women
I'm so sick of hearing how there's no strong roles for women. I don't care about strong roles. I just want to see women who are characters! A nun, a serial killer, a housewife, as long as there's some depth there.;Martha Plimpton;women
I feel sorry... for people who've had skinny privilege and then have it taken away from them. I have had a lifetime to adjust to seeing how people treat women who aren't their idea of beautiful and therefore aren't their idea of useful, and I had to find ways to become useful to myself.;Beth Ditto;women
The women's movement hasn't changed my sex life. It wouldn't dare.;Zsa Zsa Gabor;women
Because I am a woman, I must make unusual efforts to succeed. If I fail, no one will say, 'She doesn't have what it takes' They will say, 'Women don't have what it takes.';Clare Boothe Luce;women
Women know what men have long forgotten. The ultimate economic and spiritual unit of any civilization is still the family.;Clare Boothe Luce;women
Flexible working is not just for women with children. It is necessary at the other end of the scale. If people can move into part-time work, instead of retirement, then that will be a huge help. If people can fit their work around caring responsibilities for the elderly, the disabled, then again that's very positive.;Theresa May;women
As women, we have more of a tendency to be people-pleasers, and I know a lot of women who are not vocal about what makes them happy.;Katherine Heigl;women
God gave me some weird, beautiful scent that makes men and women go crazy. People compare it to Carvel. It is a whale of a smell.;Adam Sandler;women
It's the kind of clothes that mothers and daughters can wear, in terms of concept... It's not about age. It's about taste, and it's about lifestyle. I believe women of all ages can wear anything.;Ralph Lauren;women
Women are so unforgiving of themselves. We don't recognize our own beauty because we're too busy comparing ourselves to other people.;Kelly Osbourne;women
When I do get pregnant, I highly doubt I'll be one of those women who don't look pregnant from behind - I'll be that chick who looks pregnant from her ankles up!;Katherine Heigl;women
We women are constantly at war with our bodies, it is hard to find amnesty for ourselves.;Margaret Cho;women
Because all of us believe and understand in the fabric of the common bond of why we call ourselves American is to care for the men and women who wear the uniform and when they take off the uniform, we care for them when they are veterans.;Steve Buyer;women
Why can't all different types of women be considered beautiful? Why can't we can't we all be considered possible love interests?;Margaret Cho;women
This world crisis came about without women having anything to do with it. If the women of the world had not been excluded from world affairs, things today might have been different.;Alice Paul;women
It takes people a long time to learn the difference between talent and genius, especially ambitious young men and women.;Louisa May Alcott;women
Only the most unapologetic biblical fundamentalists, for instance, take every biblical injunction literally. If we all took all scripture at the same level of authority, then we would be more open to slavery, to the subjugation of women, to wider use of stoning. Jesus himself spoke out frequently against divorce in the strongest of terms.;Jon Meacham;women
It's very hard for a woman in comedy. It's hard for women to be bold and not care what anyone, particularly men, think. Maybe that is why so many women comics are lesbians.;Margaret Cho;women
The problem for those who assert biblical authority in support of traditional definitions of marriage is that one could, with equal validity, assert that the lending of money or certain kinds of haircuts are forbidden by God, or that slavery and the subjugation of women are authorized by the Lord.;Jon Meacham;women
What people don't understand about Sarah Palin is that she is a rancher's wife. From Alberta down to Texas I've known women like that: good common sense, bright and vilified by city people.;Robert Duvall;women
I'm so disturbed when my women students behave as though they can only read women, or black students behave as though they can only read blacks, or white students behave as though they can only identify with a white writer.;Bell Hooks;women
Women love to be called cruel, even when they are kindest.;Samuel Richardson;women
I think a lot of women innately know how to play their hand. I'm not a big one for the rules.;Katherine Heigl;women
Women are always most observed when they seem themselves least to observe, or to lay out for observation.;Samuel Richardson;women
The Cause of Women is generally the Cause of Virtue.;Samuel Richardson;women
When they take surveys of women in business, of the Fortune 500, the successful women, 80% of them, say they were in sports as a young woman.;Billie Jean King;women
I love women more than anything.;Vin Diesel;women
From sixteen to twenty, all women, kept in humor by their hopes and by their attractions, appear to be good-natured.;Samuel Richardson;women
I don't think balance is something you get from someone else it's something women have to find from within. For me, finding balance is still a work in progress.;Rachel Weisz;women
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.;Confucius;work
All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;work
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.;Thomas A. Edison;work
By working faithfully eight hours a day you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve hours a day.;Robert Frost;work
Nothing will work unless you do.;Maya Angelou;work
There is always the danger that we may just do the work for the sake of the work. This is where the respect and the love and the devotion come in - that we do it to God, to Christ, and that's why we try to do it as beautifully as possible.;Mother Teresa;work
It is the working man who is the happy man. It is the idle man who is the miserable man.;Benjamin Franklin;work
Hard work spotlights the character of people: some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses, and some don't turn up at all.;Sam Ewing;work
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.;Vince Lombardi;work
Work is love made visible. And if you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work and sit at the gate of the temple and take alms of those who work with joy.;Khalil Gibran;work
The brain is a wonderful organ it starts working the moment you get up in the morning and does not stop until you get into the office.;Robert Frost;work
Work is a necessary evil to be avoided.;Mark Twain;work
Far and away the best prize that life has to offer is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.;Theodore Roosevelt;work
Work is the curse of the drinking classes.;Oscar Wilde;work
The taxpayer - that's someone who works for the federal government but doesn't have to take the civil service examination.;Ronald Reagan;work
I think the person who takes a job in order to live - that is to say, for the money - has turned himself into a slave.;Joseph Campbell;work
All things are difficult before they are easy.;Thomas Fuller;work
A man's work is nothing but this slow trek to rediscover, through the detours of art, those two or three great and simple images in whose presence his heart first opened.;Albert Camus;work
Do not hire a man who does your work for money, but him who does it for love of it.;Henry David Thoreau;work
Anyone who can walk to the welfare office can walk to work.;Al Capp;work
The pay is good and I can walk to work.;John F. Kennedy;work
The best preparation for good work tomorrow is to do good work today.;Elbert Hubbard;work
