The average session takes about one to two hours. It's totally amazing because when a person breathes, they go through one stage of relaxation after another, and every stage releases tension.;Leonard Orr;amazing
It's great when people appreciate your work, but I don't know how seriously to take it. The amazing thing is that I found something so early that I can support myself doing, and that can even be extremely lucrative, but I love it either way.;Adrien Brody;amazing
It's the most amazing cast, a dream cast. We laugh all the time.;Nicole Sullivan;amazing
I made some friends who are still friends, and this is the city of my birth. I love living here when there's a reason to, other than just moving here. I still don't like the winters here, but it's an amazing city and I love it.;Michael McKean;amazing
When I go outside of L.A., no matter where it is, really anywhere I go, people will be stopping me or taking pictures or whatever it is. And it's great. It's amazing. I'm just lucky.;Michael Welch;amazing
You go through at least the first two years of Star Trek and you find some amazing stuff. Everything that was going on Gene put into the series. He just put strange costumes on the actors and painted them funny colours and left the same situation in.;Majel Barrett;amazing
Working with Omarion is pretty amazing. That's like my brother. He's really cool.;Teyana Taylor;amazing
Lorne finally said, Do the Blues Brothers thing. The response was amazing. People went nuts.;Steve Cropper;amazing
The travel, the amazing work I have had the chance to do, the meetings with different people are all very inspiring and give me lots of positive energy.;Saskia de Brauw;amazing
Voice-acting, on the fun meter, is off the scale. You show up, you don't have to be all primped up, or dressed up. And you get to work with some amazing people, and goof off for four hours.;Jason Marsden;amazing
Of all the planets apart from Earth in our solar system, Mars is the most hospitable. Yeah. Right. Better keep my visit short. And yet, despite the discomfort, the danger, I love it here. I love coming back for these imaginary vacations. The sights are amazing.;Greg Bear;amazing
I think the fact that I made enough noise in the world that I might be remembered is an amazing achievement. You can't ask for more than that.;Nas;amazing
I feel fortunate. I've really gotten to work with amazing talented people, and to learn from them, which is why I'm doing this. If I can work with the best director I'm going to do it.;Armie Hammer;amazing
Training in taekwondo for eight years and then being able to do it in a film was pretty amazing.;Dev Patel;amazing
As a planning board commissioner, I have to review the applications for development throughout the city, and the bulk of those applications have been for the waterfront. I think the progress the waterfront has made is amazing.;Vincent Frank;amazing
It is amazing how the public steadfastly refuse to attend the third day of a match when so often the last day produces the best and most exciting cricket.;Frank Woolley;amazing
Usher is amazing. He's perfection to me as a performer. He gets down.;Ciara;amazing
I'm jamming 'Black Sabbath Vol. 4' all the time. Zappa's 'Cruising With Ruben &amp The Jets.' A lot of Gong lately. Some Hawkwind. The Residents' 'Duck Stab' is amazing. Some Fugs. Lots of stuff, man. I'm pretty schizophrenic with records.;Ty Segall;amazing
I don't know if it has set in or not. Honestly, it's crazy. It's such an amazing honor. I remember thinking back to being in my room waiting for the call to see if I got the part. It's like winning the lottery. I'm proud to be a member of such an amazing cast - that's the best award of all.;Hailee Steinfeld;amazing
I used the music kind of as therapy, and it's just amazing that I feel so free after doing that. I feel like I had it trapped inside of me and now I feel free. So it's been a very good therapy session for me as well.;Vanilla Ice;amazing
Some of the most amazing human beings on the face of the planet go to sci-fi conventions, although I'm sure a few of them wouldn't admit it.;Richard Hatch;amazing
When I left the show, the fans were so amazing in terms of the outpouring of support and continued support all that time whatever ways they could be in touch with me.;Alice Barrett;amazing
Sayles could pull a performance out of a dog. I'm serious. He was just amazing. The world could fall apart and he remained on neutral.;Elizabeth Pena;amazing
I am auditioning again - getting back to theatre would be amazing.;Harry Melling;amazing
It's so amazing to hear a crowd of people singing one of your songs. It's the best feeling.;Liam Payne;amazing
We've always described our sound as a bit more guitar driven than normal pop music. Kind of Pink in a boy band form. We've heard a few people say that so now we use it. I think Pink is amazing person to be compared to.;Liam Payne;amazing
I mean, it's amazing that I get to meet all these people. I've learned so much from all of them. I just worked with Sofia Coppola and that was amazing. I learned so much from her. I can't even describe how much fun I had.;Elle Fanning;amazing
New York is the coolest city. The place just never sleeps. It's amazing.;Margot Robbie;amazing
Science fiction is an amazing literature: plot elements that you would think would be completely worn out by now keep changing into surprising new forms.;Connie Willis;amazing
It's the degree of success and the length of time that is amazing.;Ruth Handler;amazing
Music makes your soul feel amazing while you're performing it.;Bijou Phillips;amazing
If we're given a number of circumstances to deal with, the brain goes into this mode of trying to find a solution, and it's amazing how good we are at it.;Jon Brion;amazing
My family is just an amazing melting pot of wonderful religions and faiths.;Rima Fakih;amazing
One person I've always wanted to work with who would be an amazing guest star would be James Earl Jones.;Nancy McKeon;amazing
Personally I had the opportunity to go on several ride alongs with the LA County Sheriff's Department with some amazing detectives, who were invaluable to me.;Nancy McKeon;amazing
It's amazing to see things that are suggested in the book fully developed and so brilliantly realized through the artistry of the designers.;Suzanne Collins;amazing
'Breaking Bad' is the best, the greatest, the most amazing thing I have ever watched on television.;Tony Kaye;amazing
And Shanghai is amazing. I'm a fan of science fiction so when you're there in the night with all the lights and all this modernity, it's like a set in a movie.;Berenice Marlohe;amazing
I think that we're in a really amazing time, where there are really a lot of really fantastic female actresses and comedians. I imagine there's just a lot of opportunity for women to have powerful roles. Or it's just that there's more women writing TV. Women tend to maybe write strong women.;Whitney Cummings;amazing
If I can help and influence girls who are going through body-image issues then I think that's amazing.;Kate Upton;amazing
My dad was a journalist. He was in Rwanda right after the genocide. In Berlin when the wall came down. He was always disappearing and coming back with amazing stories. So telling stories for a living made sense to me.;Patrick J. Adams;amazing
It was an amazing performer. Very temperamental, it spent a lot of time in its trailer.;Tilda Swinton;amazing
I had one drama teacher who was amazing, Ms. Perkins. She really tried to inspire me and get me going.;Carlos Pena, Jr.;amazing
You know, 'The Golden Girls' was a very unusual show to start on. I was young, and it was a show about old people, and it was a very traditional show, but it was also an amazing training ground for a joke-writer. It forced me to learn those skills.;Mitchell Hurwitz;amazing
It's amazing the hours you pull when you're the lead of a show.;Jamie Luner;amazing
I'm crazy about my father, he's an amazing man, a real adventurer. He took us with him to travel all over the world. We were in places that were so remote, that white people hardly ever reach them.;Peta Wilson;amazing
Shanghai set out to take over from Hong Kong and I think it's done that. It's got the most amazing futuristic skyline which rivals and even betters Tokyo.;Paul Oakenfold;amazing
My mom is a really good cook. I didn't get the cooking gene, but she cooks this really amazing dinner every Christmas, and that's always really fun.;Miranda Cosgrove;amazing
'True Blood' is amazing. I have to give a shout out to 'Melrose Place' because I do watch. I love 'Entourage.' One of my favorite shows back in the day was 'Friday Night Lights.';Tristan Wilds;amazing
Everyone at home is so supportive. People recognise me, say how proud they are of me. It's awesome to hear, it's amazing to know I can touch so many people in a positive way.;Kirsty Coventry;amazing
Ted Danson is amazing. He's incredible.;Alison Brie;amazing
I had amazing stuff happen right off the top. I thought this was how it worked. Hollywood is awesome! Cut to three years later: What happened?;Dana Fox;amazing
Despite the amazing diversity we're blessed with in this country, schools are still in large part segregated because of economic disparity. Sports are one of the few areas where kids are really given the opportunity to interact with those of different races and religions.;Steve Kerr;amazing
It's been an amazing year of individual performances.;Steve Kerr;amazing
When you think of it I haven't really done a lot of horror. It's amazing: I have done some really good ones, but I haven't done a lot of them.;Michael Rooker;amazing
It's amazing what you can get on open source now if you actually use the right search engines to find the material.;Gus O'Donnell;amazing
It's just amazing that there are so many prejudices even now.;Ione Skye;amazing
They played Boston. They played at the Boston Tea Party and through an amazing chain of events I got to hang out with them backstage even though I was underage.;Jonathan Richman;amazing
One of the amazing things about the Internet is that the content creators are the gatekeepers. We can think of an idea and execute it quickly, and we didn't have to pitch the idea to a major network or convince a studio head to sign-off on the concept.;Ray William Johnson;amazing
I know plenty of actresses in their early thirties who look amazing, although there's that old saying: 'Ladies get older, men get more distinguished.';Scott Porter;amazing
It's amazing to me that, in the 42 years since President Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act into law, women today still receive fewer wages than men for the same work.;Mike Honda;amazing
It is really quite amazing that all of the folks supporting privatization, from the president on down, keep invoking the name of my grandfather, Franklin Delano Roosevelt.;James Roosevelt;amazing
To make a couple putts to win the Masters is just an amazing feeling.;Adam Derek Scott;amazing
It is amazing that it is my destiny to be the first Aussie to win the Masters.;Adam Derek Scott;amazing
I want to buy my mom a house I want my family to never have to worry about anything. And I just want to have an amazing career in music, because I love to do it.;Ashthon Jones;amazing
Steven Tyler is awesome. He is so humble. He's really sweet and coming from him and his career, it's amazing.;Ashthon Jones;amazing
The best part is it's a dream come true. I've always wanted to be a working actor, and the good part of it... it's all good! I work long hours, but it's amazing. They pay me. That's amazing! I get to kiss Keri Russell, and that ain't too bad.;Scott Foley;amazing
I got to work with Jennifer Tilly, she was amazing. Such, such a smart actress.;April Bowlby;amazing
I listen to every thing, all kinds of stuff. I've been obsessed with the Nas and Damian Marley record, 'Distant Relatives.' I feel like a lot of people haven't heard it, and it's amazing.;Eve Jihan Jeffers;amazing
I have the most amazing support network around me.;Jenny Frost;amazing
I enjoy looking at words on paper and visualizing how to make them come to life. As a director, the creative process is really amazing.;Alfonso Ribeiro;amazing
It's so amazing, standing on the corner -this happened in Washington, D.C. - and somebody comes by in a Cadillac and you hear 'Manic Monday' on the radio, and you don't even know this person, and they're listening to it and singing along with it. Wow! Blows your mind.;Debbi Peterson;amazing
The past 6 and a half years have been the most amazing years of my life. It's sad it has come to an end but Avril and I are still family and moving forward in the most positive way possible.;Deryck Whibley;amazing
Having my first number one single and being able to travel to places I've never been before has been amazing. The tour was also fantastic. There are so many things which I've experienced this year which I never even dreamed of.;Gareth Gates;amazing
The Beethoven Experience provided the opportunity to solidify the relationship between the Orchestra and me, the Orchestra and me and the public, between all of us and the city of New York, because Beethoven after all is a really amazing point of reference.;Lorin Maazel;amazing
Maggie Smith is an amazing woman, and not as serious in real life.;Allen Leech;amazing
Janet Jackson is an icon, I've been honored to meet her a few times, working with her would be amazing.;Eric West;amazing
What do I think of L.A.? It's boring, with some amazing nuggets. Like there are some parts of it that are great, but by and large I think it's quite boring.;Jemaine Clement;amazing
I think Andrew Stanton is such an amazing, creative mind.;Lynn Collins;amazing
It's amazing... to enjoy the results of your labor.;Michael Rady;amazing
I think Gina Rowlands is an amazing actress.;Angela Sarafyan;amazing
Obviously, there's the seedy side of the strip club world and pole dancing. But, pole dancing, as an art form, is really beautiful. It's been hyper-sexualized because it's associated with strippers, but if you think about it, just in terms of other kinds of dancing, they're using an instrument to create these amazing dance forms.;Megalyn Echikunwoke;amazing
The fact that I even get in Broadway shows is, to me, still amazing, but then to win a Tony was just incredible.;Jane Krakowski;amazing
I just feel energized when I am around young, talented people. There is something about these kids that's amazing. I learn as much from them as they do from me.;Sally Struthers;amazing
It's amazing that something only an atom thick can be an impenetrable barrier. You can have gas on one side and vacuum or liquid on the other, and with a wall only one atom thick, nothing would go through it.;Paul McEuen;amazing
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else you are the one who gets burned.;Buddha;anger
Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy.;Aristotle;anger
Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured.;Mark Twain;anger
Anger dwells only in the bosom of fools.;Albert Einstein;anger
Bitterness is like cancer. It eats upon the host. But anger is like fire. It burns it all clean.;Maya Angelou;anger
In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves.;Buddha;anger
For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;anger
Anger and intolerance are the enemies of correct understanding.;Mahatma Gandhi;anger
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.;Ambrose Bierce;anger
When angry, count to four when very angry, swear.;Mark Twain;anger
When angry count to ten before you speak. If very angry, count to one hundred.;Thomas Jefferson;anger
Man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleep.;Mahatma Gandhi;anger
Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame.;Benjamin Franklin;anger
Usually when people are sad, they don't do anything. They just cry over their condition. But when they get angry, they bring about a change.;James Russell Lowell;anger
