The greenest home is the one you don't build. If you really want to save the Earth, move in with another family and share a house that's already built. Better yet, live in the forest and eat whatever the squirrels don't want.;Scott Adams;home
Obviously there's not much options when you're a cartoonist - you pretty much either work at home or rent an office I guess, and working at home just seems easier.;Scott Adams;home
The appreciative smile, the chuckle, the soundless mirth, so important to the success of comedy, cannot be understood unless one sits among the audience and feels the warmth created by the quality of laughter that the audience takes home with it.;James Thurber;home
I couldn't care less about fashion. If I had taken any clothes home, they would have remained in my closet for the rest of their existence.;Meryl Streep;home
Playing drums feels like coming home for me. Even during the White Stripes I thought: 'I'll do this for now, but I'm really a drummer.' That's what I'll put on my passport application.;Jack White;home
If there were no schools to take the children away from home part of the time, the insane asylums would be filled with mothers.;E. W. Howe;home
I love coming home to somebody, I love being in a relationship.;Daniel Radcliffe;home
Home life ceases to be free and beautiful as soon as it is founded on borrowing and debt.;Henrik Ibsen;home
I think what is British about me is my feelings and awareness of others and their situations. English people are always known to be well mannered and cold but we are not cold - we don't interfere in your situation. If we are heartbroken, we don't scream in your face with tears - we go home and cry on our own.;Michael Caine;home
But if there's an erosion at home, you know, Thomas Jefferson warned about a tyranny of an oligarchy and if we surrender our democracy to the tyranny of an oligarchy, we've made a terrible mistake.;Pat Robertson;home
When you live on the road, going home is a place to escape and just be with your family to unwind.;Jonathan Davis;home
Well, look at what people are doing for returned veterans now. The wounded warriors. They're working hard to make the wounded veterans feel that they are loved and welcomed home, unlike Vietnam. It was not a very kind, gentle world then. I think we are kinder and gentler.;Barbara Bush;home
Going home and spending time with your family and your real friends keeps you grounded.;Jennifer Ellison;home
Kill all the rich people. Break up their cars and apartments. Bring the revolution home, kill your parents, that's where it's really at.;Bill Ayers;home
I don't really consider myself one of those actors who takes his work home with him.;Jeff Bridges;home
Swimming is normal for me. I'm relaxed. I'm comfortable, and I know my surroundings. It's my home.;Michael Phelps;home
As a child, the family that I had and the love I had from my two parents allowed me to go ahead and be more aggressive, to search and to take risks knowing that, if I failed, I could always come home to a family of love and support.;Tiger Woods;home
Just take the ball and throw it where you want to. Throw strikes. Home plate don't move.;Satchel Paige;home
I feel most at home in the water. I disappear. That's where I belong.;Michael Phelps;home
Here is my first principle of foreign policy: good government at home.;William E. Gladstone;home
However painful the process of leaving home, for parents and for children, the really frightening thing for both would be the prospect of the child never leaving home.;Robert Neelly Bellah;home
On stage, I make love to 25,000 different people, then I go home alone.;Janis Joplin;home
The first time that you escape from home or the small town that you live in - there's a reason a small town is called a small town: It's because not many people want to live there.;Billie Joe Armstrong;home
Now that virtually every career is an option for ambitious girls, it can no longer be considered regressive or reactionary to reintroduce discussion of marriage and motherhood to primary education. We certainly do not want to return to the simplistic duality of home economics classes for girls and wood shop for boys.;Camille Paglia;home
When you do take the home pregnancy test, it doesn't quite seem real. But when you see the baby and the heartbeat on the ultrasound, it's so incredible.;Danica McKellar;home
I was brought up in the modern world of all the luxury and the highlight of show business. I was born into a Christian home.;Cat Stevens;home
I will not have my son grow up in a tension-filled home.;Christina Aguilera;home
I was brought up in a household of chaos and I never felt stable at home.;Christina Aguilera;home
I would love to have a robot at home.;Hugh Jackman;home
To have the opportunity to complete the slam at the Open at St Andrews, the home of golf, is something I will never ever forget.;Tiger Woods;home
I get 0.5 seconds to react to a ball, sometimes even less than that. I can't be thinking of what XYZ has said about me. I need to surrender myself to my natural instincts. My subconscious mind knows exactly what to do. It is trained to react. At home, my family doesn't discuss media coverage.;Sachin Tendulkar;home
I'm going home now. I apologize for what I said. I hope you can forget it, but I'm going home right now.;Benjamin Day;home
Akron, Ohio, is my home. I will always be here. I'm still working out at my old high school.;LeBron James;home
Children who cling to parents or who don't want to leave home are stunted in their emotional, psychological growth.;Dirk Benedict;home
A home is crucial, the foundation of a stable family.;Eric Cantona;home
Having leveled my palace, don't erect a hovel and complacently admire your own charity in giving me that for a home.;Emily Bronte;home
I try to devote my afternoons to making music in my home studio, but it's a lot more fun hanging out with musicians and friends, and trying subtly to influence a band than making your own stuff.;David Byrne;home
If I were running to be somebody, there are a lot of easier sombodies to be. After all, running against the incumbent governor of your own party in your home state is not the next logical step in a political life.;Marco Rubio;home
You know who a complicated tax code kills? The guy or gal trying to start a business out of the spare bedroom of their home. So we've got to simplify our tax code.;Marco Rubio;home
Americans chose a free enterprise system designed to provide a quality of opportunity, not compel a quality of results. And that is why this is only place in the world where you can open up a business in the spare bedroom of your home.;Marco Rubio;home
More than anything else, I want the folks back at home to think right of me.;Elvis Presley;home
Just because I managed to do a little something, I don't want anyone back home to think I got the big head.;Elvis Presley;home
If you go away on location for three months and your wife stays at home, you've made a whole new load of friends and she's made a whole new load of friends and you get home and you're kind of strangers.;Michael Caine;home
My real fantasy if I was to drop out would be to live in a mobile home and be a hippie and drive around festivals and have millions of children - children with dreadlocks and nose rings - and play the flute.;Rachel Weisz;home
I like to think of myself at home in the armchair, writing, smoking and occasionally wandering down the shop.;Stephen Fry;home
I live by 'Go big or go home.' That's with everything. It's like either commit and go for it or don't do it at all. I apply that to everything. I apply that to relationships, I apply that to like sports, I apply that to everything. That's what I live by. That's how I like it.;Paul Walker;home
All things on earth point home in old October sailors to sea, travellers to walls and fences, hunters to field and hollow and the long voice of the hounds, the lover to the love he has forsaken.;Thomas Wolfe;home
My mother was determined to make us independent. When I was four years old, she stopped the car a few miles from our house and made me find my own way home across the fields. I got hopelessly lost.;Richard Branson;home
I have an abacus at home.;Conan O'Brien;home
The desire to hit a big home run is dominating the music business.;Billy Corgan;home
I like my home and I like the nature.;Billy Corgan;home
I left home because I was hungry.;Red Skelton;home
Let woman out of the home, let man into it, should be the aim of education. The home needs man, and the world outside needs woman.;Pearl S. Buck;home
Our poverty will be brought home to us to its full extent only after the war.;Joseph A. Schumpeter;home
One of the great privileges of having grown up in a middle-class literary English household, but having gone to school in the front lines in Southeast London, was that I became half-street-urchin and half-good-boy at home. I knew that dichotomy was possible.;Daniel Day-Lewis;home
Sometimes in the past when I played something might make me lose focus, or I would go home after a game where I thought I could have played better and I would let it hang over my head for a long time when it shouldn't.;LeBron James;home
Akron, Ohio, is my home. It will always be remembered. Akron, Ohio, is my life.;LeBron James;home
I have no idea how to get in touch with anyone anymore. Everyone, it seems, has a home phone, a cell phone, a regular e-mail account, a Facebook account, a Twitter account, and a Web site. Some of them also have a Google Voice number. There are the sentimental few who still have fax machines.;Susan Orlean;home
I want to let my friend Buster know that I would like to have dinner with him tonight. Does Buster work at home? Then how likely is he to have his cell phone on? Is he one of those people who only turns on his cell when he's in his car? I hate that.;Susan Orlean;home
I remember, when I was a kid, watching my mother jam herself into her girdle - a piece of equipment so rigid it could stand up on its own - and I remember her coming home from fancy parties and racing upstairs to extricate herself from its cruel iron grip.;Susan Orlean;home
Major league baseball has asked its players to stop tossing baseballs into the stands during games, because they say fans fight over them and they get hurt. In fact, the Florida Marlins said that's why they never hit any home runs. It's a safety issue.;Jay Leno;home
Yeah, anybody can go in with two turntables and a microphone or a home studio sampler and a little cassette deck or whatever and make records in their bedrooms.;David Byrne;home
If anything, a lot of electronic music is music that no one listens to at home, hardly. It's really only to be heard when everyone's out enjoying it.;David Byrne;home
A woman should be home with the children, building that home and making sure there's a secure family atmosphere.;Mel Gibson;home
Because of my parents' love of democracy, we came to America after being driven twice from our home in Czechoslovakia - first by Hitler and then by Stalin.;Madeleine Albright;home
I know that war is very cruel and that life is harder when you aren't able to live in the place you called home.;Madeleine Albright;home
I'm always going to live in Texas. Texas is my home - it'll be my home forever.;Kelly Clarkson;home
I love coming home to Melbourne. The first thing I do is have a coffee. It's just so much better here than anywhere else. It's better than in Italy and I travel a lot. I crave it.;Curtis Stone;home
Most people, if you live in a big city, you see some form of schizophrenia every day, and it's always in the form of someone homeless. 'Look at that guy - he's crazy. He looks dangerous.' Well, he's on the streets because of mental illness. He probably had a job and a home.;Eric McCormack;home
I like being at home and cooking.;Shania Twain;home
The triple is the most exciting play in baseball. Home runs win a lot of games, but I never understood why fans are so obsessed with them.;Hank Aaron;home
Well, I just said that Jesus and I were both Jewish and that neither of us ever had a job, we never had a home, we never married and we traveled around the countryside irritating people.;Kinky Friedman;home
I don't believe in organized religion - I dealt with them hand in hand, and a whole bunch of Catholic priests tried to molest me. Telling me I was gay and I should go home with them and stuff.;Jonathan Davis;home
Philosophy is properly home-sickness the wish to be everywhere at home.;Novalis;home
Managing is getting paid for home runs that someone else hits.;Casey Stengel;home
They say Yogi Berra is funny. Well, he has a lovely wife and family, a beautiful home, money in the bank, and he plays golf with millionaires. What's funny about that?;Casey Stengel;home
Ability is the art of getting credit for all the home runs somebody else hits.;Casey Stengel;home
The curious are always in some danger. If you are curious you might never come home.;Jeanette Winterson;home
My biggest nightmare is I'm driving home and get sick and go to hospital. I say: 'Please help me.' And the people say: 'Hey, you look like...' And I'm dying while they're wondering whether I'm Barbra Streisand.;Barbra Streisand;home
Perhaps there is no greater issue facing contemporary women than the choices they must make about balancing home and work.;Camille Paglia;home
I didn't really seek attention. I just wanted to play the game well and go home.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;home
One of the best things to come out of the home computer revolution could be the general and widespread understanding of how severely limited logic really is.;Frank Herbert;home
Child abuse and neglect offend the basic values of our state. We have a responsibility to provide safe settings for at-risk children and facilitate permanent placement for children who cannot return home.;Matt Blunt;home
You can't have it both ways. You can't tell me that you're taxed enough already, and that you want constitutional government and then in the next breath say, 'Bring me home some bacon.' The pig has been picked clean.;Rand Paul;home
Going home must be like going to render an account.;Joseph Conrad;home
It began to dawn on me that perhaps my country needed me more at home than overseas.;Larry David;home
There are times when I'm driving home after a day's shooting, thinking to myself, That scene would've been so much better if I had written it out.;Larry David;home
Well, after the divorce, I went home and turned all the lights on!;Larry David;home
When the good lord calls you home, the government ought not come get your home.;Rick Perry;home
I stand before you as the governor of Texas but also stand before you the son of two tenant farmers. Ray Perry who came home after 35 bombing missions over Europe to work his little corner of land out there and Amelia who made sure that my sister Milla and I had everything that we needed, included hand sewing my clothes until I went off to college.;Rick Perry;home
I am told that the first comprehensible word I uttered as a child was 'home.';Julie Andrews;home
When I think about the songs I might record, I ask myself, 'Can I picture anybody I know back home sitting in their truck cranking this up?';Blake Shelton;home
It's easy to underestimate the real cost of home ownership.;Suze Orman;home
I get so frustrated when people tell me it's unrealistic to create an eight-month emergency savings fund, or have money saved for a home down payment, or pay off their $5,000 credit card balance.;Suze Orman;home
Like your home's closets, your financial clutter needs an overhaul every now and again, and the payoff will go far beyond the psychic satisfaction of neatening up.;Suze Orman;home
Fiction was invented the day Jonas arrived home and told his wife that he was three days late because he had been swallowed by a whale.;Gabriel Garcia Marquez;home
Snowboarding's tough, because you've got to go to the mountains. For me, I love the skateboard season because I get to hangout at home and still be skating. I don't have to travel to Norway or Japan or these crazy places to be snowboarding.;Shaun White;home
The thing is, I have a zillion apps, and I'm always looking for the perfect arrangement for them, so scrambling my home screen is part of that eternal quest.;Susan Orlean;home
Recently, I have come to assume that any call to my landline is from a telemarketer or an automated call from Terminex, letting me know that our regularly scheduled pest-extermination service will occur on its regular schedule. So I usually ignore my home phone.;Susan Orlean;home
