The British soldier can stand up to anything except the British War Office.;George Bernard Shaw;war
War - An act of violence whose object is to constrain the enemy, to accomplish our will.;George Washington;war
We used to wonder where war lived, what it was that made it so vile. And now we realize that we know where it lives... inside ourselves.;Albert Camus;war
The myth of unlimited production brings war in its train as inevitably as clouds announce a storm.;Albert Camus;war
When the tyrant has disposed of foreign enemies by conquest or treaty, and there is nothing more to fear from them, then he is always stirring up some war or other, in order that the people may require a leader.;Plato;war
A democracy which makes or even effectively prepares for modern, scientific war must necessarily cease to be democratic. No country can be really well prepared for modern war unless it is governed by a tyrant, at the head of a highly trained and perfectly obedient bureaucracy.;Aldous Huxley;war
If there is not the war, you don't get the great general if there is not a great occasion, you don't get a great statesman if Lincoln had lived in a time of peace, no one would have known his name.;Theodore Roosevelt;war
Now, let me be clear. The path I lay out is not one paved with ever increasing government checks and cradle to grave assurance that government will always be the solution. If this election is a bidding war for who can promise the most goodies and the most benefits, I'm not your president. You have that president today.;Mitt Romney;war
Only the dead have seen the end of war.;Plato;war
The United States is not, and never will be, at war with Islam.;Barack Obama;war
They wrote in the old days that it is sweet and fitting to die for one's country. But in modern war, there is nothing sweet nor fitting in your dying. You will die like a dog for no good reason.;Ernest Hemingway;war
I started to make a study of the art of war and revolution and, whilst abroad, underwent a course in military training. If there was to be guerrilla warfare, I wanted to be able to stand and fight with my people and to share the hazards of war with them.;Nelson Mandela;war
Germany has reduced savagery to a science, and this great war for the victorious peace of justice must go on until the German cancer is cut clean out of the world body.;Theodore Roosevelt;war
Americans play to win at all times. I wouldn't give a hoot and hell for a man who lost and laughed. That's why Americans have never lost nor ever lose a war.;George S. Patton;war
Diplomats are just as essential to starting a war as soldiers are for finishing it... You take diplomacy out of war, and the thing would fall flat in a week.;Will Rogers;war
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.;Donald Trump;war
Cliches about supporting the troops are designed to distract from failed policies, policies promoted by powerful special interests that benefit from war, anything to steer the discussion away from the real reasons the war in Iraq will not end anytime soon.;Ron Paul;war
In the practical art of war, the best thing of all is to take the enemy's country whole and intact to shatter and destroy it is not so good.;Sun Tzu;war
War is the greatest plague that can afflict humanity, it destroys religion, it destroys states, it destroys families. Any scourge is preferable to it.;Martin Luther;war
Every war when it comes, or before it comes, is represented not as a war but as an act of self-defense against a homicidal maniac.;George Orwell;war
I took a speed-reading course and read War and Peace in twenty minutes. It involves Russia.;Woody Allen;war
I don't oppose all wars. What I am opposed to is a dumb war. What I am opposed to is a rash war.;Barack Obama;war
Another term for preventive war is aggressive war - starting wars because someday somebody might do something to us. That is not part of the American tradition.;Ron Paul;war
Take the diplomacy out of war and the thing would fall flat in a week.;Will Rogers;war
The United States never lost a war or won a conference.;Will Rogers;war
I know war as few other men now living know it, and nothing to me is more revolting. I have long advocated its complete abolition, as its very destructiveness on both friend and foe has rendered it useless as a method of settling international disputes.;Ernest Hemingway;war
Where the stakes are the highest, in the war on terror, we cannot possibly succeed without extraordinary international cooperation. Effective international police actions require the highest degree of intelligence sharing, planning and collaborative enforcement.;Barack Obama;war
As I've said, there were patriots who supported this war, and patriots who opposed it. And all of us are united in appreciation for our servicemen and women, and our hopes for Iraqis' future.;Barack Obama;war
Peace demands the most heroic labor and the most difficult sacrifice. It demands greater heroism than war. It demands greater fidelity to the truth and a much more perfect purity of conscience.;Thomas Merton;war
Once we have a war there is only one thing to do. It must be won. For defeat brings worse things than any that can ever happen in war.;Ernest Hemingway;war
To hold a pen is to be at war.;Voltaire;war
Peace is not a relationship of nations. It is a condition of mind brought about by a serenity of soul. Peace is not merely the absence of war. It is also a state of mind. Lasting peace can come only to peaceful people.;Jawaharlal Nehru;war
Thus it is that in war the victorious strategist only seeks battle after the victory has been won, whereas he who is destined to defeat first fights and afterwards looks for victory.;Sun Tzu;war
For a war to be just three conditions are necessary - public authority, just cause, right motive.;Ernest Hemingway;war
The most shocking fact about war is that its victims and its instruments are individual human beings, and that these individual beings are condemned by the monstrous conventions of politics to murder or be murdered in quarrels not their own.;Aldous Huxley;war
There are patriots who opposed the war in Iraq and there are patriots who supported the war in Iraq. We are one people, all of us pledging allegiance to the stars and stripes, all of us defending the United States of America.;Barack Obama;war
Operations in Iraq and Afghanistan and the war on terrorism have reduced the pace of military transformation and have revealed our lack of preparation for defensive and stability operations. This Administration has overextended our military.;Barack Obama;war
We've persevered because of a belief we share with the Iraqi people - a belief that out of the ashes of war, a new beginning could be born in this cradle of civilization. Through this remarkable chapter in the history of the United States and Iraq, we have met our responsibility. Now, it's time to turn the page.;Barack Obama;war
But do I think that our actions in anyway violate the War Powers Resolution, the answer is no.;Barack Obama;war
The basic fact about human existence is not that it is a tragedy, but that it is a bore. It is not so much a war as an endless standing in line.;H. L. Mencken;war
Thus, what is of supreme importance in war is to attack the enemy's strategy.;Sun Tzu;war
We're not going to baby sit a civil war.;Barack Obama;war
We are not at war against Islam.;Barack Obama;war
The war is coming to the streets of America and if you are not keeping and bearing and practicing with your arms then you will be helpless and you will be the victim of evil.;Ted Nugent;war
If men can develop weapons that are so terrifying as to make the thought of global war include almost a sentence for suicide, you would think that man's intelligence and his comprehension... would include also his ability to find a peaceful solution.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;war
You must not fight too often with one enemy, or you will teach him all your art of war.;Napoleon Bonaparte;war
All war is based on deception.;Sun Tzu;war
Our Generation has had no Great war, no Great Depression. Our war is spiritual. Our depression is our lives.;Chuck Palahniuk;war
In most communities it is illegal to cry 'fire' in a crowded assembly. Should it not be considered serious international misconduct to manufacture a general war scare in an effort to achieve local political aims?;Dwight D. Eisenhower;war
More than an end to war, we want an end to the beginning of all wars - yes, an end to this brutal, inhuman and thoroughly impractical method of settling the differences between governments.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;war
It's an interesting combination: Having a great fear of being alone, and having a desperate need for solitude and the solitary experience. That's always been a tug of war for me.;Jodie Foster;war
War against a foreign country only happens when the moneyed classes think they are going to profit from it.;George Orwell;war
War will never cease until babies begin to come into the world with larger cerebrums and smaller adrenal glands.;H. L. Mencken;war
I'm not going to say I was opposed to the Vietnam War. I'm going to say I'm opposed to war. But I'm also opposed to protests that deny other people their rights.;John Wooden;war
Marriage is an adventure, like going to war.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;war
There has never been a protracted war from which a country has benefited.;Sun Tzu;war
Brave men rejoice in adversity, just as brave soldiers triumph in war.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;war
What is absurd and monstrous about war is that men who have no personal quarrel should be trained to murder one another in cold blood.;Aldous Huxley;war
War is never economically beneficial except for those in position to profit from war expenditures.;Ron Paul;war
In time it will become clear to everyone that support for the policies of pre-emptive war and interventionist nation-building will have much greater significance than the removal of Saddam Hussein itself.;Ron Paul;war
I was drafted during the Korean War.;Clint Eastwood;war
The art of war is simple enough. Find out where your enemy is. Get at him as soon as you can. Strike him as hard as you can, and keep moving on.;Ulysses S. Grant;war
The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war.;Norman Schwarzkopf;war
In war the heroes always outnumber the soldiers ten to one.;H. L. Mencken;war
Think of what happened after 9/11, the minute before there was any assessment, there was glee in the administration because now we can invade Iraq, and so the war drums beat.;Ron Paul;war
War is a contagion.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;war
Throughout the 20th century, the Republican Party benefited from a non-interventionist foreign policy. Think of how Eisenhower came in to stop the Korean War. Think of how Nixon was elected to stop the mess in Vietnam.;Ron Paul;war
What is not conservative about saying, 'Don't go to war unless we go to war properly with a full declaration of war and no other way?';Ron Paul;war
There's nothing wrong with being a Conservative and coming up with a Conservative believe in foreign policy where we have a strong national defense and we don't go to war so carelessly.;Ron Paul;war
He who is the author of a war lets loose the whole contagion of hell and opens a vein that bleeds a nation to death.;Thomas Paine;war
We've used up a lot of bullets. And we talk about stimulus. But the truth is, we're running a federal deficit that's 9 percent of GDP. That is stimulative as all get out. It's more stimulative than any policy we've followed since World War II.;Warren Buffett;war
It is part of the general pattern of misguided policy that our country is now geared to an arms economy which was bred in an artificially induced psychosis of war hysteria and nurtured upon an incessant propaganda of fear.;Douglas MacArthur;war
I will not play tug o' war. I'd rather play hug o' war. Where everyone hugs instead of tugs, Where everyone giggles and rolls on the rug, Where everyone kisses, and everyone grins, and everyone cuddles, and everyone wins.;Shel Silverstein;war
Secret operations are essential in war upon them the army relies to make its every move.;Sun Tzu;war
War should be the only study of a prince. He should consider peace only as a breathing-time, which gives him leisure to contrive, and furnishes as ability to execute, military plans.;Niccolo Machiavelli;war
War involves in its progress such a train of unforeseen circumstances that no human wisdom can calculate the end it has but one thing certain, and that is to increase taxes.;Thomas Paine;war
To establish any mode to abolish war, however advantageous it might be to Nations, would be to take from such Government the most lucrative of its branches.;Thomas Paine;war
War is a quarrel between two thieves too cowardly to fight their own battle.;Thomas Carlyle;war
People never lie so much as after a hunt, during a war or before an election.;Otto von Bismarck;war
A really strong woman accepts the war she went through and is ennobled by her scars.;Carly Simon;war
War is just when it is necessary arms are permissible when there is no hope except in arms.;Niccolo Machiavelli;war
Peace is not an absence of war, it is a virtue, a state of mind, a disposition for benevolence, confidence, justice.;Baruch Spinoza;war
How is it they live in such harmony the billions of stars - when most men can barely go a minute without declaring war in their minds about someone they know.;Thomas Aquinas;war
Serious sport is war minus the shooting.;George Orwell;war
Humanity should question itself, once more, about the absurd and always unfair phenomenon of war, on whose stage of death and pain only remain standing the negotiating table that could and should have prevented it.;Pope John Paul II;war
War is the business of barbarians.;Napoleon Bonaparte;war
Civil war? What does that mean? Is there any foreign war? Isn't every war fought between men, between brothers?;Victor Hugo;war
A war between Europeans is a civil war.;Victor Hugo;war
When people speak to you about a preventive war, you tell them to go and fight it. After my experience, I have come to hate war.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;war
Peace is the virtue of civilization. War is its crime.;Victor Hugo;war
Great is the guilt of an unnecessary war.;John Adams;war
There is hardly such a thing as a war in which it makes no difference who wins. Nearly always one side stands more of less for progress, the other side more or less for reaction.;George Orwell;war
Today we know that World War II began not in 1939 or 1941 but in the 1920's and 1930's when those who should have known better persuaded themselves that they were not their brother's keeper.;Hubert H. Humphrey;war
In all history there is no war which was not hatched by the governments, the governments alone, independent of the interests of the people, to whom war is always pernicious even when successful.;Leo Tolstoy;war
We should invade their countries, kill their leaders and convert them to Christianity. We weren't punctilious about locating and punishing only Hitler and his top officers. We carpet-bombed German cities we killed civilians. That's war. And this is war.;Ann Coulter;war
War is a way of shattering to pieces... materials which might otherwise be used to make the masses too comfortable and... too intelligent.;George Orwell;war
Oceania was at war with Eurasia therefore Oceania had always been at war with Eurasia.;George Orwell;war
I am tired and sick of war. Its glory is all moonshine. It is only those who have neither fired a shot nor heard the shrieks and groans of the wounded who cry aloud for blood, for vengeance, for desolation. War is hell.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
In war, when a commander becomes so bereft of reason and perspective that he fails to understand the dependence of arms on Divine guidance, he no longer deserves victory.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;war
