And if you see me, smile and maybe give me a hug. That's important to me too.;Jim Valvano;smile
I enjoy jokes, smiling, and making people smile. I may be a little different, but that's OK, who wants to be normal anyway?;Tim Duncan;smile
Smile, it is the key that fits the lock of everybody's heart.;Anthony J. D'Angelo;smile
A smile is a facelift that's in everyone's price range!;Tom Wilson;smile
Luck is not chance, it's toil fortune's expensive smile is earned.;Emily Dickinson;smile
A bland smile is like a green light at an intersection, it feels good when you get one, but you forget it the moment you're past it.;Doug Coupland;smile
It's sort of a feeling of power onstage. It's really the ability to make people smile, or just to turn them one way or another for that duration of time, and for it to have some effect later on. I don't really think it's power... it's the goodness.;Robert Plant;smile
Let me smile with the wise, and feed with the rich.;Samuel Johnson;smile
The biggest thing we get out of it is seeing the kids smile. And hopefully we will also see that the lessons we're teaching - not only the fundamentals of hockey, but also the life values - are sinking in.;Bobby Orr;smile
A stale article, if you dip it in a good, warm, sunny smile, will go off better than a fresh one that you've scowled upon.;Nathaniel Hawthorne;smile
Let him who expects one class of society to prosper in the highest degree, while the other is in distress, try whether one side of the face can smile while the other is pinched.;Thomas Fuller;smile
My children are the reason I laugh, smile and want to get up every morning.;Gena Lee Nolin;smile
Not by appointment do we meet delight Or joy they heed not our expectancy But round some corner of the streets of life they of a sudden greet us with a smile.;Gerald Massey;smile
The person that's always talkin', you don't have to worry about that person. The person that while you're in his face, he's just lookin' at you with a smile on his face, that's the guy you worry about.;Michael Clarke Duncan;smile
I wanted to do another movie that could make us laugh and cry and feel good about the world. I wanted to do something else that could make us smile. This is a time when we need to smile more and Hollywood movies are supposed to do that for people in difficult times.;Steven Spielberg;smile
There's nothing I value more than the closeness of friends and family, a smile as I pass someone on the street.;Willie Stargell;smile
I think luck is the sense to recognize an opportunity and the ability to take advantage of it... The man who can smile at his breaks and grab his chances gets on.;Samuel Goldwyn;smile
Being in a rock band is about touring. It's about writing songs and it's about making records but it's also about taking a wonderful smile onto that stage and making the people feel good about themselves.;James Young;smile
You take away all the other luxuries in life, and if you can make someone smile and laugh, you have given the most special gift: happiness.;Brad Garrett;smile
Don't write anything you can phone. Don't phone anything you can talk. Don't talk anything you can whisper. Don't whisper anything you can smile. Don't smile anything you can nod. Don't nod anything you can wink.;Earl Long;smile
Humour is the weapon of unarmed people: it helps people who are oppressed to smile at the situation that pains them.;Simon Wiesenthal;smile
If you're able to help some people and make them smile and make them realize that life is good, then that's worth so much more than buying a pair of shoes.;Maria Sharapova;smile
Acting is a sense of wonder and magic and mystery for me and when life takes me on a new journey, I simply remember the smile my first ballet recital put on my face and I move forward.;Andrea Thompson;smile
It's inspirational to see someone who is dying smile.;Arlen Specter;smile
Whenever I run into prejudice. I smile and feel sorry for them, and I say to myself, There's one more argument for birth control.;Freddy Fender;smile
Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life.;Yoko Ono;smile
He taught me never to smile, which helps me when I visit disaster sites.;Emo Philips;smile
Everyone looks so much better when they smile.;Jimmy Fallon;smile
You know, I've got wrinkles on my forehead and smile lines, but what's wrong with that? I love to smile.;Jennifer Aniston;smile
Nobody needs a smile so much as the one who has none to give. So get used to smiling heart-warming smiles, and you will spread sunshine in a sometimes dreary world.;Lawrence G. Lovasik;smile
Better by far you should forget and smile than that you should remember and be sad.;Christina G. Rossetti;smile
What do I like in a girl? I like a girl that likes me, a girl that knows how to smile and see the bright side of things. A girl that makes me a better person.;James Lafferty;smile
Being funny is one of my greatest strengths. I can make girls smile when they're down, and when they're having a good time, I can carry on the joke.;John Krasinski;smile
The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone else he can blame it on.;Robert Bloch;smile
As long as you smile, have sparkly eyes and stick your shoulders back, nobody's going to notice your bum or your waist or your feet, for that matter.;Cat Deeley;smile
The appreciative smile, the chuckle, the soundless mirth, so important to the success of comedy, cannot be understood unless one sits among the audience and feels the warmth created by the quality of laughter that the audience takes home with it.;James Thurber;smile
I don't mind a little Sturm und Drang. When I was doing 'Riding in Cars With Boys,' I wouldn't smile at anybody, because my character, Bev, was angry at the world. I'm the opposite. Inside my head I'd be like, God, I'll explain to you at the end of shooting that I'm not this person.;Drew Barrymore;smile
If you walk down the street and smile at someone, that will get passed on to the next person. That has the power to change someone's day.;Julianna Margulies;smile
I believe that when you put a smile out there, you get a smile back.;Heidi Klum;smile
Later in my life, I'm going to look back and smile and be very fulfilled. I know that if I don't give it my all right now I'll regret it later. That's very important to me, because I've worked all my life to have this.;Shania Twain;smile
Religion can emerge in all forms of feeling: here wild anger, there the sweetest pain here consuming hatred, there the childlike smile of serene humility.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;smile
I think Led Zeppelin must have worn some of the most peculiar clothing that men had ever been seen to wear without cracking a smile.;Robert Plant;smile
It is boorish to live ungraciously: the giving is the hardest part what does it cost to add a smile?;Jean de la Bruyere;smile
I was walking around legally blind. Now I have 20-20 vision. I can't believe I spent so many years blurry, but I think that coincides with how I was feeling. Now I notice if people are watching me, but I also smile right back if someone waves, which helps.;Nicole Kidman;smile
Remember that it is not enough to abstain from lying by word of mouth for the worst lies are often conveyed by a false look, smile, or act.;Abraham Cahan;smile
I never smile when I have a bat in my hands. That's when you've got to be serious. When I get out on the field, nothing's a joke to me. I don't feel like I should walk around with a smile on my face.;Hank Aaron;smile
Smiles come naturally to me, but I started thinking of them as an art form at my command. I studied all the time. I looked at magazines, I'd practice in front of the mirror and I'd ask photographers about the best angles. I can now pull out a smile at will.;Tyra Banks;smile
Allowing yourself to smile takes 99% of the effort.;Simon Travaglia;smile
Go, forget me - why should sorrow, O'er that brow a shadow fling? Go, forget me - and tomorrow, brightly smile and sweetly sing. Smile - though I shall not be near thee Sing - though I shall never hear thee.;Charles Wolfe;smile
To be able to throw one's self away for the sake of a moment, to be able to sacrifice years for a woman's smile - that is happiness.;Hermann Hesse;smile
When I take my kids out for dinner or lunch, people smile at us.;Louis C. K.;smile
I truly believe my job is to make sure people smile.;Shahrukh Khan;smile
It takes a man to suffer ignorance and smile.;Sting;smile
There is not a soul who does not have to beg alms of another, either a smile, a handshake, or a fond eye.;Lord Acton;smile
Just because a situation is grim doesn't mean you don't have every right to smile.;Rashida Jones;smile
Comedy, we may say, is society protecting itself - with a smile.;J. B. Priestley;smile
I've had to learn to fight all my life - got to learn to keep smiling. If you smile things will work out.;Serena Williams;smile
When I came into office, people said, 'Billionaire? How do they live? What do they eat? How do they sleep?' Today, they see me on the subway coming uptown. A couple of people say hi, some people smile and nod. Some people just sleep. It's not an issue.;Michael Bloomberg;smile
Knowledge is going to make you stronger. Knowledge is going to let you control your life. Knowledge is going to give you the wisdom to teach their children. Knowledge is the thing that makes you smile in the face of disaster.;Avery Brooks;smile
A smile costs about $240.;Roma Downey;smile
Ostensibly rigorous and realistic, contemporary conservatism is an ideology of denial. Its symbol is a smile button.;Christopher Lasch;smile
Laughter is regional: a smile extends over the whole face.;Malcolm De Chazal;smile
I don't know what I would have done without believing in God. His support gives me power and energy to continue to be optimistic, to smile, not to be depressed. Sometimes, if things are not going so well, I don't cry. I say maybe it's meant to be.;Ofra Haza;smile
Clinton's hands remain incredibly clean, don't they, and Tony Blair's smile remains as wide as ever. I view these guises with profound contempt.;Harold Pinter;smile
I love a girl that can make me laugh. I am not really a laugh-at-things type of guy and I don't smile and laugh all the time... But if a girl can make me laugh... I'm in love!!!!;Jesse McCartney;smile
It scares you: all the noise, the rattling, the shaking. But the look on everybody's face when you're finished and packing, it's the best smile in the world and there's nobody hurt, and the well's under control.;Red Adair;smile
People need to understand that the Lauryn Hill they were exposed to in the beginning was all that was allowed in that arena at the time. I had to step away for the sake of the machine. I was being way too compromised. I felt uncomfortable having to smile in someone's face when I really didn't like them or know them well enough to like.;Lauryn Hill;smile
God blessed me with two unbelievable parents, and I am just like both of them. I have the smile and charisma of my mother and the big heart of my mom, because she wants to save the world and help the world, so I am just like her.;Magic Johnson;smile
So, my style has hopefully changed over the years and it is more relaxed, and I do tend to smile and have more than one expression these days hopefully - which I didn't at the beginning.;Jo Brand;smile
Tears are sometimes an inappropriate response to death. When a life has been lived completely honestly, completely successfully, or just completely, the correct response to death's perfect punctuation mark is a smile.;Julie Burchill;smile
You can always tell folks from nonfolks. Folks like to feel good, like to smile for the camera when there's a big photo opportunity for a really good cause.;Russell Baker;smile
We've been trained since kindergarten: Be nice, be kind, share, put on a smile. So we're conditioned to squash our natural selfish instincts, and that's the right thing for society.;Bryan Cranston;smile
When onstage, I always try to take my audience through as many emotions as I possibly can. I want them to go from laughter to tears, be shocked and surprised and walk out the door with a renewed sense of themselves - and maybe a smile.;Reba McEntire;smile
First, I want to pay tribute to Diana myself. She was an exceptional and gifted human being. In good times and bad, she never lost her capacity to smile and laugh, nor to inspire others with her warmth and kindness. I admired and respected her - for her energy and commitment to others, and especially for her devotion to her two boys.;Queen Elizabeth II;smile
In politics you learn to always smile.;Eliot Spitzer;smile
When trying to remember my share in the glow of the eternal present, in the smile of God, I return to my childhood, too, for that is where the most significant discoveries turn up.;Herman Hesse;smile
You know when someone's over-flattering you in a way. You smile but you can't believe it.;Laura Linney;smile
The catch phrase for the day is 'Do an act of kindness. Help one person smile.';Harvey Ball;smile
Usually, if you smile at them and show some interest in the toy, they will give it to you. That's a straight up Democrat move!;Margaret Cho;smile
We smile at the ignorance of the savage who cuts down the tree in order to reach its fruit but the same blunder is made by every person who is over eager and impatient in the pursuit of pleasure.;William Ellery Channing;smile
Crowds are the most difficult thing for me these days because I have to walk with my head down and my eyes averted. There's still that part of me that wants to hold my head up, make eye contact and smile.;Cameron Diaz;smile
If you want to meet a woman, it's best just to smile and say hi.;Karen McDougal;smile
Smile, it's better than a poke in the eye.;Douglas Horton;smile
Reproof on her lip, but a smile in her eye.;Samuel Lover;smile
Smile at a stranger. See what happens.;Patti LuPone;smile
The number-one job of the hedge-fund manager is not to make sure that you can retire with a smile on your face - it's for him to retire with a smile on his face.;Mark Cuban;smile
We forget that this music, music made by my brothers and sisters, is still a baby. It's just beginning. When I think of the possibilities, it makes me smile.;Barry White;smile
If I go into a sandwich shop or anywhere that features 'Today's specials' on a chalkboard more than 10 feet away, I have to ask for a printed menu. I smile at people I don't know on the street and ignore those I do. When at home, I often find myself grabbing my 'back-up' glasses to search for the better-loved pair I have left on top of my dresser.;Sloane Crosley;smile
Smiling is very important. If we are not able to smile, then the world will not have peace. It is not by going out for a demonstration against nuclear missiles that we can bring about peace. It is with our capacity of smiling, breathing, and being peace that we can make peace.;Nhat Hanh;smile
I try to greet my friends with a drink in my hand, a warm smile on my face, and great music in the background, because that's what gets a dinner party off to a fun start.;Ina Garten;smile
I'm a car fanatic and each morning I wake up with a smile on my face, whether I'm commentating on the Formula One or at Silver Hatch racetrack in Roary the Racing Car.;Murray Walker;smile
What looks like enjoyment is the sneer of contempt. That's not a smile.;Jack Kevorkian;smile
Oh, the summer night, Has a smile of light, And she sits on a sapphire throne.;Barry Cornwall;smile
Those who weep recover more quickly than those who smile.;Jean Giraudoux;smile
Beauty comes from a life well lived. If you've lived well, your smile lines are in the right places, and your frown lines aren't too bad, what more do you need?;Jennifer Garner;smile
My mother is a big believer in being responsible for your own happiness. She always talked about finding joy in small moments and insisted that we stop and take in the beauty of an ordinary day. When I stop the car to make my kids really see a sunset, I hear my mother's voice and smile.;Jennifer Garner;smile
A man can be drawn across the room with the simplicity of a smile. That's why your pearly whites should always be straight and shiny. I think most of my clients are drawn to a fun, flirty nature in a woman. The problem is, most women do not often feel fun and flirty.;Patti Stanger;smile
I'm as happy a man as any in the world, for the whole world seems to smile upon me!;Samuel Smiles;smile
But with exquisite breathing you smile, with satisfaction of love, And I touch you again as you tick in the silence and settle in sleep.;Karl Shapiro;smile
