I really wanted to do something positive on the Internet. I wanted to try to get young people talking about, thinking about, life's big questions-make it cool and OK to wonder about the heart, the soul and free will and God and death and big topics like that, big human topics.;Rainn Wilson;positive
I think what is happening is I think first of all there is confidence in the U.K. economy. We're in a German rather than a Greek position in international financial markets, which is very positive and keeps our debt service costs down, and we're also beginning to see real evidence of rebalancing.;Vince Cable;positive
Freedom of religion is a principle that is central to our Nation's Declaration of Independence. Congress has taken this positive step to protect our freedom to express allegiance to America's flag and the ideals it represents.;Ron Lewis;positive
I have my team. Like if you see everyone around me - I have my hair and makeup girl, my assistant. They're very calm, they're all about positive energy. There're no drama queens. Everyone wants everyone else to have a positive experience. There are no agendas. I think it creates a healthy environment and there are no boundaries to cross.;Fergie;positive
I will end up with someone in the arts. I am positive. I eat, breathe and sleep acting. And I'll end up with someone who is happy staying at home and having me cook supper. But I also really need to be intellectually challenged and stimulated. I want someone bookish, and someone who is passionate.;Ginnifer Goodwin;positive
One thing that hasn't changed, though, is that we still have to hear the new ad 2 or 3 times before it begins to affect us, even when we're already familiar with the advertiser in question and have a positive opinion of them.;Roy H. Williams;positive
I'm big on being positive. I'm generally so positive and happy. I just always felt that I was exactly where I wanted to be. And things have continued to go in great directions.;Andy Cohen;positive
At the end of the day the question comes, what are you doing for the world? You have to try to do something that's going to add something positive.;Paul Feig;positive
I believe that when you work on yourself, you are attracted by different, more positive beings.;Isabelle Adjani;positive
I have never won a race, and that is my main disappointment - but you have to be positive.;Jean Alesi;positive
When I got into the film business, my aim was to adopt a positive persona, of a guy who fights against injustice. And it saved me, because my acting was atrocious to say the least!;Chuck Norris;positive
My ultimate aim is to make euthanasia a positive experience.;Jack Kevorkian;positive
To have the chance to see your music be elevated and to have almost universally positive response to that music, makes me feel better every day. I feel more confident and inspired, and that's fun.;John Legend;positive
I've been looking at companies that are on a positive path vs. a negative path and I've come to use the language of sports, winning streaks and losing streaks.;Rosabeth Moss Kanter;positive
I've always had God, but now I want to go back to church for the sense of community and that feeling of positive thinking, a place where I can think about being a better person.;Julianne Hough;positive
I want people to use Perl. I want to be a positive ingredient of the world and make my American history. So, whatever it takes to give away my software and get it used, that's great.;Larry Wall;positive
The positive news is that the British economy is continuing to grow and is creating jobs. And it is positive news too that at a time of real international instability we are a safe haven in the storm.;George Osborne;positive
Either positive or negative comments are good because it shows I am still relevant.;Justin Guarini;positive
Healthy children are born from healthy, respected, well-nourished and educated mothers and it is imperative that they have a voice in the decisions which affect them. If you empower a mother and let her have her say towards a poverty-free future, the positive impact this would have on ending hunger will be immense.;Dionne Warwick;positive
As a person who is not confrontational by disposition I tend to see that the quality of being confrontational is a positive attribute.;John Hall;positive
Everything that's bad for you catches on too quickly in America, because that's the easiest thing to get people to invest in, the pursuits that are easy and destructive, the ones that bring out the least positive aspects of people.;Gil Scott-Heron;positive
If I have affected someone in a positive way, that means a lot to me.;Bill Parcells;positive
To me, it doesn't matter how good you are. Sport is all about playing and competing. Whatever you do in cricket and in sport, enjoy it, be positive and try to win.;Ian Botham;positive
My wife was the first romantic partner who understood both American and native parts of me - not so much the positive stuff, but the damage.;Sherman Alexie;positive
To be perfectly honest, I feel I have a duty to use my celebrity status in a positive way.;David Schwimmer;positive
It comes down to building your own world out here on the road. It's who you surround yourself with. My band and crew are really positive guys.;Brad Paisley;positive
It would be good for us Africans to accept ourselves as we are and recapture some of the positive aspects of our culture.;Wangari Maathai;positive
To emphasize only the beautiful seems to me to be like a mathematical system that only concerns itself with positive numbers.;Paul Klee;positive
For a manager to be perceived as a positive manager, they need a four to one positive to negative contact ratio.;Ken Blanchard;positive
Sexy in India is not considered positive. But, with today's crop of fresh faces in the modelling arena, being sexy is an asset.;Aishwarya Rai;positive
If the amount of money going into the war economy were invested in landscape restoration, we would be in a far more positive position. It may get a little dire before we pull together, but I think when the prosperous nations, and in particular the U.S., realize they're wrecking their own kids' lives, there will be a mass change in value.;Kim Stanley Robinson;positive
When children are very young, you read them books that are positive to help them go to sleep. But there comes a moment when they begin to understand the difficulties of the world. They know there are problems and the books they read should reflect that, not gloss over them.;Michael Morpurgo;positive
For the liberal state to accommodate a diversity of beliefs while having few positive convictions is one of the more admirable achievements of civilization.;Terry Eagleton;positive
But you cannot expect every writer to dwell on human suffering. I think my books do deal with grave issues. People who say they are too positive probably haven't read them.;Alexander McCall Smith;positive
I think people in Botswana are pleased that my books paint a positive picture of their lives and portray the country as being very special. They've made a great success of their country, and the people are fed up with the constant reporting of only the problems and poverty of the continent. They welcome something which puts the positive side.;Alexander McCall Smith;positive
My Botswana books are positive, and I've never really sought to deny that. They are positive. They present a very positive picture of the country. And I think that that is perfectly defensible given that there is so much written about Africa which is entirely negative.;Alexander McCall Smith;positive
The characteristic political attitude of today is not one of positive belief, but of despair.;Herbert Read;positive
I have played on many teams throughout my career, and I know when a team has the tools, and the right positive attitude towards winning.;Boomer Esiason;positive
You don't know what someone's going to walk away from a movie with, but you hope it's something positive, but if nothing, you want them most basically to be entertained and engaged. That's your job. But you also hope to give them something to chew on or maybe some insight into the human existence, you hope a little bit. Not to sound too lofty.;Melissa Rosenberg;positive
I am positive that flexibility is a feminine characteristic.;Emma Bonino;positive
I'm out there arguing the Labor case. I will do it anywhere and everywhere that I can. I do it within various communities across Australia where I am able to make a positive contribution. And let me tell you, my voice won't be silenced in the public debate because the issue at stake for Australia are so stark.;Kevin Rudd;positive
I am a positive person and do not allow things to get on top of me.;Jamie Redknapp;positive
Now is the time for the U.S. and the nations of Western Europe who engaged in the slave trade throughout this hemisphere to come forward in a positive way to assist in undoing the harm that was caused by their past colonial policies in the hemisphere.;Charles Rangel;positive
I've always kind of lived my life to be as much as possible a positive role model for children.;Corey Feldman;positive
It has been argued that British girls are incapable of deep feeling or brilliant acting owing to their lack of temperament. This, I am positive, is not true.;Ivor Novello;positive
The wonderful Mozambican people have endured tremendous misery without losing their dignity and their positive outlook on life. Moreover, they have not lost their will to progress and develop. Mozambique is a country where the people never surrendered.;Henning Mankell;positive
Sometimes a good love song can change the world and create positive energy more than any political song can.;Serj Tankian;positive
So the experts think we could have an AIDS-free generation in Africa by 2015, even if the mothers are positive.;Alan Cumming;positive
I'm concentrating on the positive, on all the wonderful things I'm doing now.;Tia Carrere;positive
Design can have such a positive impact on the way people live and on their relationships and moods.;Genevieve Gorder;positive
I believe that, by and large, people are good and everybody you meet is more likely to surprise you in a positive way than in a negative way.;Anthony Horowitz;positive
But in fact if you look at film as a metaphor, only through the negative can you have the positive print. What I'm trying to get to is the positive value of negation.;Godfrey Reggio;positive
There is so much that is positive, wonderful even, about state schools. At a state school your kids will learn to live alongside and appreciate other kids from many diverse and different cultures.;Arabella Weir;positive
Generally, I'm a pretty positive, but like any other working person, if the jobs aren't coming in, I do get depressed.;Britt Ekland;positive
No matter who you meet in life, you take something from them, positive or negative.;Gary Allan;positive
You might think the thinner version of yourself is going to be the most positive or confident, but that's not how it is for me. When I'm over 200 pounds, that's when I'm the most confident version of myself.;Garrett Hedlund;positive
More Asians need to be on television as a positive role model.;Kiana Tom;positive
We have used the presence of UNMIK, as well as other European and American agencies to establish a legal framework compatible with the European Union and that is already an advantage. We have seen the positive effects of this and our parliament will continue to go this way.;Ibrahim Rugova;positive
Since turning professional at 18, I have travelled the world playing the game that I love and consider myself a global player. As the World No.1 right now, I wish to be a positive role model and a sportsperson that people respect, and enjoy watching.;Rory McIlroy;positive
I think everyone goes through chapters in their life and there was a time when I wasn't feeling terribly positive about what I was contributing to film, or wasn't feeling as if I was going in the direction I wanted and I re-evaluated what I was doing.;Jude Law;positive
And I'm a believer that you take a negative and turn it into a positive, and as it turned out, it was one of the best things that ever happened to me. And so I do appreciate the Ranger staff and the Ranger organization for giving me that opportunity.;Nolan Ryan;positive
Players should know that if you can't make the contribution of the winning shot, that your attitude every day when you come to practice, or the positive contribution you make through cheering and keeping up team morale, is just as important in the overall picture.;Sue Wicks;positive
The object of my relationship with Vietnam has been to heal the wounds that exist, particularly among our veterans, and to move forward with a positive relationship,... Apparently some in the Vietnamese government don't want to do that and that's their decision.;Ho Chi Minh;positive
There is slow growth, but it is positive slow growth. At the same time, ratios of debt-to-incomes go down. That's a beautiful deleveraging.;Ray Dalio;positive
My dad's gay experiences really had a very positive influence on me and my straight relationships - how to better accept all the weirdness and ambiguity and ups and downs and paradoxes. I knew from the beginning I was writing about love.;Mike Mills;positive
I think I make films to help bolster and feed the part of me that wants to remain in a positive relationship with the world and to engage in it. So hopefully in non-sentimental ways, I'm trying to make something that helps make me happy.;Mike Mills;positive
One out of every 100 American men is HIV positive. The rate of infection has reached epidemic proportions in 40 developing nations.;Philip Emeagwali;positive
I want always to be positive.;Gianni Versace;positive
I had to develop the mentality and stay positive about making my comeback.;Alonzo Mourning;positive
It is true that you can't prove a negative. However, the existence of God is provable in the same way a building is positive proof that there was a builder.;Ray Comfort;positive
If you look just at the decades after 1934, you know it's hard to point to really inspired and positive support from outside of Haiti, to Haiti, and much easier to point to either small-minded or downright mean-spirited policies.;Paul Farmer;positive
I had to come from something, come from a place that was negative and positive but the majority of it is a negative place.;Kendrick Lamar;positive
Giving governors more leeway in administering health care could represent a small, positive development in the ongoing saga of Obamacare. Unfortunately, instead of choosing flexibility, President Obama and his left-leaning advisers always default to rigid 'Washington knows best' answers.;Fred Upton;positive
Make a Goal Box, a chart of positive daily contact with a family when you are working with them.;Richard G. Scott;positive
I'd try to channel my nervous energy in a positive way into strength and endurance. It didn't always work.;Kristi Yamaguchi;positive
I think Gadhafi is on the mark. And up until this point in time, I think they truly want to turn this around and become a positive player with the West after years and years of terrorism and stagnation.;Curt Weldon;positive
When you come off something really disappointing, you want to come back and kind of regroup and get involved in something positive right away.;Andy Roddick;positive
I have to think of the positive that's how I cope.;Ingrid Newkirk;positive
It's a problem for him because he's got - like Edward VII had - nearly all his lifetime to wait until he becomes Monarch. What is he going to do with it? So he wants to do something positive but he always courts those dangers.;Anthony Holden;positive
I think the state of the NFL has a very positive outlook.;Roger Goodell;positive
As writers and readers, as sinners and citizens, our realism and our aesthetic sense make us wary of crediting the positive note.;Seamus Heaney;positive
I want to make sure that no matter how long I go through this, I don't fall into the trap of changing and modifying how I do things that aren't a positive example. I want to remain somebody that the entire family can listen to or watch.;Clay Aiken;positive
I would like to do something dark or small. I love independent films. I love emotional scenes. I love people who are struggling with something. I think it's just the juxtaposition to my incredibly happy, positive demeanor.;Shailene Woodley;positive
And what we've lost sight of is that performing manual labor with your hands is one of the most incredibly satisfying and positive things you can do.;Nick Offerman;positive
You don't need to invade a place or install a new government to help bring about a positive change.;Nicholas D. Kristof;positive
I like to write sad songs. They're much easier to write and you get a lot more emotion into them. But people don't want to hear them as much. And radio definitely doesn't they want that positive, uptempo thing.;Alan Jackson;positive
But, I would be naive not to recognize the number of musicians who tell me they have been influenced by me and sight me - as well as Alex and Neil - as a musician who has been a positive influence on their playing.;Geddy Lee;positive
I always had this non-stop drive. I had to keep sending stories out and every once in awhile I'd get something accepted or get the little trickle of positive feedback.;Kevin J. Anderson;positive
When you think about the day-to-day, positive impact on the lives of U.S. citizens, there is no relationship that we have in the world that is more important than our relationship with Canada.;Paul Cellucci;positive
Canada and the United States are also working at the World Trade Organization and in our own hemisphere with negotiations for a Trade Area of the Americas to try to help countries create a positive climate for investment and trade.;Paul Cellucci;positive
A lot of victims, for example, have become addicted to alcohol and drugs. It seems to me that the church's healing ministry is going to be enhanced through this in much broader strokes. That's good, it's all positive.;Roger Mahony;positive
I wished to go completely outside and to make a symbolic start for my enterprise of regenerating the life of humankind within the body of society and to prepare a positive future in this context.;Joseph Beuys;positive
A positive attitude is something everyone can work on, and everyone can learn how to employ it.;Joan Lunden;positive
Gay culture is surviving and thriving. Some activists believe the recent rise in homophobic violence might be a gauge of the success of positive gay images.;Lance Loud;positive
It is important to recognize and politics positive thinking is often the slaves' virtue - something that people do to con themselves about the burden and change being placed upon them.;James Bovard;positive
A lasting solution to this problem will have an exceptionally positive influence foremost on the peoples of Palestine and Israel, as well as on the region and the international community.;Recep Tayyip Erdogan;positive
We have initiated programs for re-entry offenders, since some 500,000 to 600,000 offenders will come out of prison each year for the next three or four years. We want to have positive alternatives when they come back to the community.;Janet Reno;positive
I do like to write nasty songs. It's a useful weapon to have, and it's cathartic as well, because I create art out of anger, something positive out of something negative.;Lisa Marie Presley;positive
Moreover, behind this vague tendency to treat religion as a side issue in modern life, there exists a strong body of opinion that is actively hostile to Christianity and that regards the destruction of positive religion as absolutely necessary to the advance of modern culture.;Christopher Dawson;positive
