The sad truth is that without complex business partnerships between African elites and European traders and commercial agents, the slave trade to the New World would have been impossible, at least on the scale it occurred.;Henry Louis Gates;sad
But you see, that's the gilded prison of fashion. We're riding in private jets, and meantime I was so incredibly, painfully sad and lonely.;Janice Dickinson;sad
Morality comes with the sad wisdom of age, when the sense of curiosity has withered.;Graham Greene;sad
The death of any man aged 56 is very sad for his widow and family. And no one would deny that Steve Jobs was a brilliant and highly innovative technician, with great business flair and marketing ability.;A. N. Wilson;sad
There were points in my life where I felt oddly irresistible to women. I'm not in that state now and that makes me sad.;Jack Nicholson;sad
I've been on Prozac for 12 years and I'm off it now. I know what it feels like to be excited and sad again. I haven't felt like this in 12 years I'm like a giddy little kid.;Jonathan Davis;sad
We've got people looking at our seamy side and our sad side a lot of the time because that's easier. It's much more difficult to make a film about happiness with lots of jokes in it.;Emma Thompson;sad
The funny thing is I'm not bothered or sad about being on my own - after all I've never had a husband.;Francesca Annis;sad
People say you should read your criticism because it will make you a better person but it doesn't. It just makes you a sad bitter old showbiz nightmare.;Jo Brand;sad
The sad part about our past is that religions, ironically enough, are responsible for creating the most destructive idea that has ever been visited upon the human race: the idea that there is such a thing as 'better.';Neale Donald Walsch;sad
Among the reasons people keep sad stories to themselves is that they do not want anyone to feel sorry for them. I don't. I don't want you to feel sorry for me.;Judith Moore;sad
I think I would be very sad if I wasn't able to have a baby.;Nicole Kidman;sad
I was sad that Corpse Bride was so short. I would've liked to have had her around for way longer. She doesn't actually have that many scenes.;Helena Bonham Carter;sad
A lot of sad stories in a row - that wears on you.;Elizabeth Edwards;sad
When you're going through something, whether it's a wonderful thing like having a child or a sad thing like losing somebody, you often feel like 'Oh my God, I'm so overwhelmed I'm dealing with this huge thing on my own.' In fact, poetry's a nice reminder that, no, everybody goes through it. These are universal experiences.;Caroline Kennedy;sad
The question I love to get asked is: 'What's the hardest part of your job?' And literally, the answer is probably real sad, but it's to just to be me. Like, it's really hard, because I think people, you know, have a set idea of what a pop star should be.;Kelly Clarkson;sad
It's really a sad story, and I liked that. The songs on this album talk about relationships in every aspect.;Aaliyah;sad
Even modern English people are imperious, superior, ridden by class. All of the hypocrisy and the difficulties that are endemic in being British also make it an incredibly fertile place culturally. A brilliant place to live. Sad but true.;Pete Townshend;sad
It's sad when people break up.;Pete Townshend;sad
I don't know what to say to that, but I have to agree with Johnny that, yeah, we do touch upon things that most men would rather not admit: That we feel pain, we cry, get sad and sometimes don't deal well with disappointment.;Peter Steele;sad
I once made the mistake of going for a whole row of false eyelashes, which was just wrong as it gave me a sad, puppy-eyed look.;Sienna Miller;sad
My comedy is for children from three to 93. You do need a slightly childish sense of humour and if you haven't got that, it's very sad.;Norman Wisdom;sad
Being on your own would be sad, sick and weird. I don't trust myself. I need that balance.;Daniel Craig;sad
It's sad that the most glorious of sexual experiences can make us feel guilty, ashamed, embarrassed, and abnormal.;Sue Johanson;sad
The sad thing is that I feel so boring because 'Twilight' is literally how every conversation I have these days begins - whether it's someone I'm meeting for the first time or someone I just haven't seen in a while. The first thing I want to say to them is, 'It's insane! And, as a person, I can't do anything!';Kristen Stewart;sad
Los Angeles can be a really sad city.;Adam Lambert;sad
For my wrap present, Colin Farrell gave me a first edition book. I got so involved with this character and I was so sad when the movie was over that when I got home and I tried to read the book I got really emotional and I started crying.;Salma Hayek;sad
If I get the forty additional years statisticians say are likely coming to me, I could fit in at least one, maybe two new lifetimes. Sad that only one of those lifetimes can include being the mother of young children.;Anna Quindlen;sad
It's much easier to write when you're sad. But you can end up isolated and depressed because you almost need to put yourself in that situation to have that angst to write from.;Natalie Imbruglia;sad
The monarchy is foremost a business, and it's important to them that the British public continue to finance the excessive luxurious lifestyles of the now quite enormous, wasteful and useless 'royal' family. I find it very sad.;Steven Patrick Morrissey;sad
What's really sad is that so many young women between the ages of 16 and 25 are ignorant and they already believe that women get the same pay as men. They don't even really understand that equality hasn't happened with the pay force.;Bell Hooks;sad
There's never been a culture that wasn't obsessed with food. The sort of sad thing is that our obsession is no longer with food, but with the price of food.;Jonathan Safran Foer;sad
I was a very good girl for a long time, that's what really drew me to acting. The stage was the perfect place to be outrageous, to be sad, to be angry, to be all these different things.;Joan Allen;sad
But I'm not like sad, depressed miserable person. I guess sometimes I give off that impression.;Edward Furlong;sad
I've got to be high class... Which is sad, because I like bars.;Daniel Craig;sad
I didn't know my mother had it. I think a lot of women don't know their mothers had it that's the sad thing about depression. You know, you don't function anymore. You shut down. You feel like you are in a void.;Marie Osmond;sad
I would love to be married. But it's not a necessity like the way that I feel I need and want to have children. It would be wonderful to have a husband, and I would feel blessed to do it. But I would feel sad for the rest of my life if I had no kids.;Mindy Kaling;sad
You know, why at the end of your life should you assemble thousands of pages of 'Why am I so sad, why am I so depressed?' Instead, assemble thousands of pages of why you're so content.;Elizabeth Gilbert;sad
As somebody who, in my second marriage, insisted on a prenuptial agreement, I can also testify that sometimes it is an act of love to chart the exit strategy before you enter the union, in order to make sure that not only you, but your partner as well, knows that there will be no World War III should hearts and minds, for any sad reason, change.;Elizabeth Gilbert;sad
As a songwriter I hate this whole, 'If it's a sad song, it has to sound like a sad song thing.' And that goes all the way back to my days with the Format. I'm an insane narcissist, so if I have to get something off my chest, I'll get something off my chest.;Nate Ruess;sad
I remember a time when all my fans were crying and sad and going through hell. Now, we're trying to uplift each other and accept ourselves for who we are, even if nobody else does.;Mary J. Blige;sad
I feel quite sad for the young musicians coming up because they may never get to pay their rent properly. It doesn't matter what the genre nowadays, it's so much harder than it ever was.;Bryan Adams;sad
The attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon shook our nation to the core. Americans were deeply frightened, sad, and angry, and they rallied around a President who, at the time, showed impressive certitude and calm.;Eliot Spitzer;sad
It is a historical error for those who were not there to just refer to August 28th as 'I Have a Dream' speech day. That is a real disservice to those who were there. It was a sad day. It was not a celebration environment.;Jesse Jackson;sad
Even when I'm in quite a happy state of mind, I like writing really sad songs. I think a lot of people do.;Ellie Goulding;sad
I'd like a male to listen to my music and find it kind of fascinating, what a girl goes through when they get heartbroken or get sad or get hurt by something.;Ellie Goulding;sad
'I Know You Care' is about my dad. And I haven't seen him for a long, long time. And my parents divorced when I was really young. And I guess I just wanted a - it was my way of saying that I wasn't bitter or angry anymore. I was just sad and just felt like something was missing.;Ellie Goulding;sad
Well, darkness with humor... I'm not an extremely suicidal or sad person.;Peter Steele;sad
I think it is really sad that when people lose their homes they kind of lose their minds too.;Margaret Cho;sad
You can't have an up without a down, a right without a left, a back without a front - or a happy without a sad.;Harlan Coben;sad
At a time when 2500 American soldiers have given their lives for the cause of bringing democracy to Iraq, it is sad and frustrating to watch the Republican establishment disgrace the exercise of democracy in our own House of Representatives.;Earl Blumenauer;sad
All he cares about is going out there with his Jack Daniels bottle. Nothing has changed. That's kind of sad. If David was doing better than he used to be, then that would be different. But it was a joke and he made it that way.;Sammy Hagar;sad
The sad thing about artificial intelligence is that it lacks artifice and therefore intelligence.;Jean Baudrillard;sad
The first series I wrote, 'L.A. Candy,' was always meant to be a three-book series, so when I started out it was all outlined that way and by the time I was done with the third book, I had become so involved and the process and the stories, I was a little bit sad to be done.;Lauren Conrad;sad
It is sad to see a woman sacrificing the ties of the affections even to do good.;Maria Mitchell;sad
What I really tried to do with Helen was make her show this sad side of her. She was married off at 16, was so young and living in this castle that can't leave because of how she looks, and married to a man she hates and three times her age.;Diane Kruger;sad
You know, I think we Indians are afraid to show and celebrate our happiness, lest things change around. But I feel that it's okay to be sad and okay to show when you are happy.;Shahrukh Khan;sad
It is easy enough to praise men for the courage of their convictions. I wish I could teach the sad young of this mealy generation the courage of their confusions.;John Ciardi;sad
When I design and wonder what the point is, I think of someone having a bad time in their life. Maybe they are sad and they wake up and put on something I have made and it makes them feel just a bit better. So, in that sense, fashion is a little help in the life of a person. But only a little.;Miuccia Prada;sad
I am firmly of the opinion that women who make a lot of effort to hang onto their looks in middle age (unless they are beauties, entertainers or prostitutes) are rather sad, as one should surely have something more substantial to recommend one by this time, such as kindness or cleverness.;Julie Burchill;sad
No matter how old and glorious the models, sad indeed is the woman who sees fashion as a means of self-expression rather than an agent of social control.;Julie Burchill;sad
As a writer, or as a filmmaker, you have to present yourself, and part of what yourself is is what you're interested in, or what you think is funny, or what you think is sad, or what you think is horrible.;Charlie Kaufman;sad
My solo album is dead and buried. We had the funeral. It was sad and I cried a lot but it made such a beautiful corpse that we had an open casket.;Shirley Manson;sad
We're sad about some of the losses of members of great seniority and distinction in the Congress, and some very new members, who will no longer be serving with us.;Nancy Pelosi;sad
I know what I look like - a weird, sad clown puppet. I'm fine with that.;Rainn Wilson;sad
Acting gave me the opportunity to do outrageous things. It allowed me to be sad, happy, angry and lustful, even if it was just vicariously.;Joan Allen;sad
The old know what they want the young are sad and bewildered.;Logan P. Smith;sad
The best quality about Kobe Bryant? You want me to be honest? I don't know. I'll tell you why. I open my arms to everybody. But he never stepped forward for the embrace. So I never really got to know him. I don't know anything about him, and it's kinda sad.;Shaquille O'Neal;sad
Stories have always been the things that entertain me and make me feel happy and sad and move me and give me the experience of being able to live many lives in one lifetime. It's the best thing about being alive.;Michael Sheen;sad
For a culture that has such a problem with death, we seem to deal with it in a quite bizarre way. We see people shot, killed and blown up, and we find it funny and sexy and all those things. But, the reality of it is that every day people die, and people are really sad and they grieve and they go through a really difficult process with it.;Michael Sheen;sad
With my schedule being so crazy, I can't call every day or hang out with my friends like I used to and that's definitely sad.;Jordin Sparks;sad
The '80s were fabulous. The '90s sucked, and the '70s were just a sad, sad time in human history. Go 1980s! There's something that's just so cute about that time. And not just yellow nail polish and 'I'm a loner.';Jennifer Sky;sad
It is very sad for a man to make himself servant to a single thing his manhood all taken out of him by the hydraulic pressure of excessive business.;Theodore Parker;sad
Watergate provides a model case study of the interaction and powers of each of the branches of government. It also is a morality play with a sad and dramatic ending.;Bob Woodward;sad
Of course it's true: the public want to see young people - young people are the people who go to the cinema. It's a sad fact of life, but you've got to accept it and not whine about it.;Joan Collins;sad
I'm not sad at all about turning 40.;Halle Berry;sad
My dad was a homicide cop in the gay neighborhood in the city when gay neighborhoods were desperate, depressing, sad places run by the mob. The only gay people he'd met when I came out to him were corpses.;Dan Savage;sad
A marriage is no amusement but a solemn act, and generally a sad one.;Queen Victoria;sad
I do not take steroids. I never have. It's sad to me that people want to point fingers. I don't do that. That's not me. I wouldn't feel like a human being.;Jackie Joyner-Kersee;sad
When I moved out of my mom's house at 18 I was almost as sad to leave her sewing machine behind as anything else.;Beth Ditto;sad
I love sad songs. They say so much. I love country music but even the happy songs sound really sad.;Beth Ditto;sad
I was at the Olympic Games winning medals and I still doubted my image. I doubted what I looked like. That's sad.;Shawn Johnson;sad
I happen to be interested in watching a face age. I like faces of women aging so it makes me personally quite sad. That's a beautiful gift from God. If people don't want to see that anymore then I won't be in anymore movies.;Debra Winger;sad
Apart from the fact that your physical ability starts to decline, I also think someone in their fifties being childlike becomes a little sad. You've got to be careful.;Rowan Atkinson;sad
I've met so many fans of daytime television who've watched the shows with their moms and grandmas and feel like they've known the characters their whole lives. It's sad for them to have to say goodbye to their favorite soaps and characters. We don't want that to happen to the 'Days' fans.;Alison Sweeney;sad
It's a sad day when the leaders of the free world engage in such deception and trickery. I voted against this unnecessary war and will continue to argue that the best way to support our troops is to bring them home.;Major R. Owens;sad
Nobody wants to hear R&ampB. It's sad. If you want to be on the radio you got to stay young.;Jamie Foxx;sad
I've never thought of my characters as being sad. On the contrary, they are full of life. They didn't choose tragedy. Tragedy chose them.;Juliette Binoche;sad
You listen to a piece of music and it will remind you of something - it might make you happy, it might make you sad, but it is very emotive. And I think that Duran Duran have always understood that.;Nick Rhodes;sad
I was sad to see anybody leave, we had a very nice family on that show. I was very sad to see momma go, Victoria and especially Linda. My god that was my wife on the show, in fact my wife calls her wife.;Larry Hagman;sad
Women get the attention when we get into the men's arena, and that's sad.;Billie Jean King;sad
You had to be into sport and, sad to say, I'm a traitor to my country because I don't have a sporting bone in my body.;Geoffrey Rush;sad
I didn't want to be on the losing side. I was fed up with Jewish weakness, timidity and fear. I didn't want any more Jewish sentimentality and Jewish suffering. I was sickened by our sad songs.;Lionel Blue;sad
I think as an American society, when we're paying too many taxes or dealing with war, we don't want to see sad things at the movies.;Zoe Saldana;sad
My lasting impression of Truman Capote is that he was a terribly gentle, terribly sensitive, and terribly sad man.;Alvin Ailey;sad
Dwight is a sad clown. You've seen those paintings of sad clown.;Rainn Wilson;sad
I find it sad that by not talking about who I sleep with, that makes me mysterious. There was a time when I would have been called a gentleman.;Kevin Spacey;sad
You know how sad your life is when you know the release date of DVDs.;Heston Blumenthal;sad
I was in a bar and I said to a friend, 'You know, we've become those 40-year-old guys we used to look at and say, 'Isn't it sad?';George Clooney;sad
