The Wedding March has a bit of a death march in it.;Brian May;wedding
O month when they who love must love and wed.;Helen Hunt Jackson;wedding
And we've got a toaster and everything. So there is no reason for the wedding.;Karl Pilkington;wedding
I want the big drama. I always said I don't want a wedding I want a parade.;Star Jones;wedding
There's a higher form of happiness in commitment. I'm counting on it.;Claire Forlani;wedding
When he came back from downtown, he had forgotten to bring his license, his identification, the $2 for the wedding license. So we got married two days later.;Eydie Gorme;wedding
I get very nervous when I have to take my wedding ring off.;Jerry O'Connell;wedding
A person's character is but half formed till after wedlock.;Charles Simmons;wedding
All weddings, except those with shotguns in evidence, are wonderful.;Liz Smith;wedding
The one thing that I'm in charge of in this wedding is the food.;Rob Mariano;wedding
I'm one of those people who has always been a bridesmaid.;Piper Laurie;wedding
Saw a wedding in the church. It was strange to see what delight we married people have to see these poor fools decoyed into our condition.;Samuel Pepys;wedding
You may invite the entire 35th Division to your wedding if you want to. I guess it's going to be yours as well as mine. We might as well have the church full while we are at it.;Bess Truman;wedding
No wedding bells for me anymore. I've been happily married to my profession for years.;Shirley Bassey;wedding
Of course, I do have a slight advantage over the rest of you. It helps in a pinch to be able to remind your bride that you gave up a throne for her.;King Edward VIII;wedding
For years my wedding ring has done its job. It has led me not into temptation. It has reminded my husband numerous times at parties that it's time to go home. It has been a source of relief to a dinner companion. It has been a status symbol in the maternity ward.;Erma Bombeck;wedding
I've been looking at some video clips on YouTube of President Obama - then candidate Obama - going through Iowa making promises. The gap between his promises and his performance is the largest I've seen, well, since the Kardashian wedding and the promise of 'til death do we part.;Mitt Romney;wedding
A wedding anniversary is the celebration of love, trust, partnership, tolerance and tenacity. The order varies for any given year.;Paul Sweeney;wedding
A wedding is a funeral where you smell your own flowers.;Eddie Cantor;wedding
In marriage there are no manners to keep up, and beneath the wildest accusations no real criticism. Each is familiar with that ancient child in the other who may erupt again. We are not ridiculous to ourselves. We are ageless. That is the luxury of the wedding ring.;Enid Bagnold;wedding
Wedding: the point at which a man stops toasting a woman and begins roasting her.;Helen Rowland;wedding
I've always been the type to fall in love fast and, with every boyfriend, I plan out my wedding in my head.;Kim Kardashian;wedding
We were pretty good mates until the Beatles started to split up and Yoko came into it. It was more like old army buddies splitting up on account of wedding bells.;Paul McCartney;wedding
One tradition I have with my friends is that when one of us gets married, we have a ton of fragrance oils and pretty bottles at the bachelorette party. Everyone puts a drop or two in a bottle for the bride and makes a wish, and the bride wears our creation on her wedding day.;Jennifer Aniston;wedding
The most dangerous food is wedding cake.;James Thurber;wedding
I did get to keep the wedding dresses from 'Runaway Bride'. They're all boxed up in my garage. I've never opened them. It'll be fun one day when Hazel is taller. She can play dress-up with her friends.;Julia Roberts;wedding
My father always wanted to be the corpse at every funeral, the bride at every wedding and the baby at every christening.;Alice Roosevelt Longworth;wedding
I want a big church wedding.;Sienna Miller;wedding
I wanted to define the vocabulary of a wedding both visually and intellectually. The book is about more than weddings or wedding dresses. It's a metaphor for women's lives, their creativity.;Vera Wang;wedding
I think a lot of people who feel as though they desperately want to be married oftentimes simply desperately want to have a wedding.;Elizabeth Gilbert;wedding
A man's got two shots for jewelry: a wedding ring and a watch. The watch is a lot easier to get on and off than a wedding ring.;John Mayer;wedding
I don't ever really feel that wearing my wedding ring is what determines me being married or not.;Jessica Simpson;wedding
I think if you're at the point where you're popular enough to sell your wedding photos to OK! Magazine then you don't need the money.;Johnny Vegas;wedding
I've been sober for two-and-a-half years, My children are happy. In August, my wife and I will celebrate our fifteenth wedding anniversary. My band is back together with a sold-out tour.;Trey Anastasio;wedding
There was no relationship between a wedding dress and fashion. There was no good taste, either. I realized that I could make an impression in terms of changing and readdressing the whole industry of bridal.;Vera Wang;wedding
I love a black wedding dress.;Vera Wang;wedding
I myself have never been enchanted by the dream of the white wedding, and, heaven help us, the expectation that this exquisitely catered event should be 'the happiest moment' of one's life.;Elizabeth Gilbert;wedding
I hadn't been in Vegas 20 minutes when I got word that the bookmakers were offering three to one that Frank wouldn't show for my wedding.;Sammy Davis, Jr.;wedding
I've never crashed a wedding. When I was a kid I, of course, used to crash parties. Crashing a wedding is difficult though because you have to have the suit, and you have to have information in case someone catches you. You have to know at least some names and something.;Christopher Walken;wedding
I try to remember, as I hear about friends getting engaged, that it's not about the ring and it's not about the wedding. It's a grave thing, getting married. And it's easy to get swept up in the wrong things.;Gwyneth Paltrow;wedding
I met Prince William at a musical festival and he let me know he was a fan of my music. But the invitation to sing at his wedding reception came completely out of the blue. The fact that Kate and William knew the words to my songs was very touching.;Ellie Goulding;wedding
I hated the royal wedding.;Steven Patrick Morrissey;wedding
I was never a girl who dreamed about what her wedding day would be like, but I've always dreamed about decorating my baby's nursery.;Rebecca Romijn;wedding
I use filming as an excuse to take classes. I got my certification in sailing for 'Wedding Crashers,' and now I can handle a 26-foot boat. I played a seamstress once, so I took sewing classes. I love dipping into these other lives.;Rachel McAdams;wedding
I love auditioning. Since 'The Notebook' and 'Wedding Crashers,' I don't have to audition anymore, and I miss it. You get to show your interpretation of the character. I get nervous when I don't audition. What if they hate what I want to do?;Rachel McAdams;wedding
Wedding is destiny, and hanging likewise.;John Heywood;wedding
I would absolutely, definitely never sell my wedding pictures to a magazine. I'd like it to be a special day, not a photo shoot. And once you've done that, your marriage becomes everybody else's business.;Katherine Jenkins;wedding
All the information you could want is constantly streaming at you like a runaway truck - books, newspaper stories, Web sites, apps, how-to videos, this article you're reading, even entire magazines devoted to single subjects like charcuterie or wedding cakes or pickles.;Mario Batali;wedding
I only did karaoke once in my life. It was with Courtney Love and it was a total disaster. She pulled me on stage in front of 500 people at a wedding. I'd never done karaoke before.;Jared Leto;wedding
The wedding took place in Vermont, where they have legalized gay civil unions, and I married a woman.;Craig Ferguson;wedding
I am usually part of any disaster at a wedding if I'm a bridesmaid, which I've been lucky enough to be several times.;Jennifer Garner;wedding
I think a lot of people get so obsessed with the wedding and the expense of the wedding that they miss out on what the real purpose is. It's not about a production number, it's about a meaningful moment between two people that's witnessed by people that they actually really know and care about.;Jane Seymour;wedding
I love doing comedy. Absolutely love it. After 'Wedding Crashers,' people suddenly realized that it was something I could do.;Jane Seymour;wedding
It's interesting because a lot of my 16-year-old kids' friends know me from 'Wedding Crashers,' and not so much Bond. My kids have a good laugh. I was 20 then. The look I had then was the look that a lot of their friends are assuming now. They think it's cool. What goes around comes around.;Jane Seymour;wedding
When I auditioned for 'Wedding Crashers,' the producers had never seen any of my other work except for Bond. I got 'Wedding Crashers' partly because I was a Bond girl.;Jane Seymour;wedding
When I planned my wedding the first time, my ex-husband and I, we were both struggling comics. I had a TV show that had gotten cancelled. Basically, I rented a wedding gown the reception hall smelled like feet.;Sherri Shepherd;wedding
For my first wedding, I cried all the way down the aisle. My fake eyelash came off. My nose was red. My eyes were swollen. I'm not one of those pretty criers.;Sherri Shepherd;wedding
A big part of being in a wedding is the financial obligation, and that's something that people don't really talk about, but if you're asked to be in a wedding, you're gonna have to fork over some cash.;Kristen Wiig;wedding
The only time I ever look good dancing is if I'm next to my dad at a wedding.;Cat Deeley;wedding
For me, life has either been a wake or a wedding.;Peter O'Toole;wedding
I hope that when I'm 80 years old, people will still be talking about my wedding.;Jennifer Hudson;wedding
Well, I'll tell you something, this wedding is something that I will always, always cherish. It was a show of love and support and kindness like I'd never seen from the people, and that's who I entertain. I entertain the people.;Liza Minnelli;wedding
The wedding ring on my left hand was bought by my grandfather, Samuel Miliband, in Brussels in 1920. I never knew him, as he died when I was one. But his ring was kept by my aunt until it was placed on my finger by my wife Louise 32 years later.;David Miliband;wedding
Most kids don't get to go their parents' wedding.;Kenneth Robert Livingstone;wedding
My husband, Jim, converted to Judaism just before our wedding.;Anita Diament;wedding
When widows exclaim loudly against second marriages, I would always lay a wager than the man, If not the wedding day, is absolutely fixed on.;Henry Fielding;wedding
When I had a job catering, I catered a wedding for the Smashing Pumpkins bassist in Indiana. And I served Billy Corgan shrimp off a tray.;Amy Poehler;wedding
I saw a photograph of a wedding conducted by Reverend Moon of the Unification Church. I wanted to understand this event, and the only way to understand it was to write about it.;Don DeLillo;wedding
On the publicity tour of 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding,' I was asked over and over again, if, as the writer, I felt it was a fair depiction of real life to have someone of my er, below average looks, hook up with hottie John Corbett.;Nia Vardalos;wedding
I thought I was attractive when I shot 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding.' Studio executives and movie reviewers let me know I had a confidence in my looks that was not shared by them.;Nia Vardalos;wedding
On my wedding day. I didn't want a natural, blushing-bride look - I had a full-on hairdo and red lips. I thought it would be disingenuous to do the whole virginal look, so even though I had the white dress, I had pink net underneath.;Sophie Ellis Bextor;wedding
She tells enough white lies to ice a wedding cake.;Margot Asquith;wedding
I think everyone dreams of that nice romantic wedding.;Lance Bass;wedding
I just wrapped this movie called The Wedding Crashers which was a pretty big break for me.;Bradley Cooper;wedding
My family is almost exactly like the one in 'Monsoon Wedding'. We are very open, fairly liberal, loud people.;Mira Nair;wedding
It gave me a lot of pleasure and pride that 90 percent of the crew for 'Monsoon Wedding,' and most of my film, are women. We get the work done, you know, much lesser play of ego... And I really believe in harmony, I believe in working in a spirit of egolessness and that the film is bigger than all of us.;Mira Nair;wedding
My wedding was at home, so I didn't really want to wear a veil in my house. Instead I wore a lot of diamond hair clips. They were brooches, actually, designed by Lorraine Schwartz.;Georgina Chapman;wedding
I didn't finish my dress until about three days before my wedding - I had the flu and was stitching it from my bed. And the tulle came back from India all brown. We had to wash it for hours, but that didn't dissuade me from wearing it.;Georgina Chapman;wedding
I've been married before, but I've never had my dream wedding in Vegas. I wanted to do it there because it's casual, quick, not religious and, most of all, very romantic.;Sinead O'Connor;wedding
I'm a jewelry girl. I became with friends with designer Irene Neuwirth a few years ago. At that point, I just used to wear my wedding rings. Very low key. Now, if I could, I'd be draped from head to toe in her jewelry all the time. Everything she makes is beautiful.;Busy Philipps;wedding
I'd been a wedding singer through college, but after a few years of doing my best renditions of jazz standards to clinking glasses and the sound of forks on salad, I thought, 'Oh God, if this is all I do, I'll never be able to live with myself.';Idina Menzel;wedding
Well the wedding in the words of the Archbishop of Canterbury was a fairy tale and there was a huge public impress, investment of goodwill, affection and indeed money in this Institution. It was a huge success at the time.;Anthony Holden;wedding
I don't think it's possible to have a wedding without it being stressful!;Debra Messing;wedding
I don't follow trends. I make each cake for a particular wedding, or event.;Ron Ben-Israel;wedding
I don't want a huge wedding. I don't want it to be some huge spectacle.;Kristin Cavallari;wedding
Where does it stop? You get offered money for your wedding, then for your kids, new houses, holidays... We earn enough from football and sponsorships, why do you need any more?;Ryan Giggs;wedding
A lawyer I once knew told me of a strange case, a suffragette who had never married. After her death, he opened her trunk and discovered 50 wedding gowns.;Marguerite Young;wedding
If I felt, in the event of a royal wedding, inspired to write about people coming together in marriage or civil partnership, I would just be grateful to have an idea for the poem. And if I didn't, I'd ignore it.;Carol Ann Duffy;wedding
Jody Hill, who I created 'Eastbound And Down' and 'Fist Foot Way' with, was my best man at my wedding.;Danny McBride;wedding
When planning your wedding you make so many decisions: 'Do I want this fork or that fork?' But in the end people aren't going to remember what napkin holder you choose.;Lara Stone;wedding
Recently, I was in Bernalda, my dad's ancestral home town in Italy. He has just refurbished a palazzo and turned it into a hotel, so we had my sister's wedding there. It was beautiful.;Roman Coppola;wedding
That to me was the most poignant part of Diana's wedding as she was walking up the aisle and her eyes were going left to right, looking at people and smiling in the way that Diana did - and that diamond tiara glittering like mad. It was great.;Bruce Oldfield;wedding
I went looking for dresses and realized there was a niche I could fill in the wedding dress market.;Monique Lhuillier;wedding
As a pastor, you get invited into the most poignant moments of people's lives. Whether it's a wedding or a funeral or a hospital visit, you get invited into the center of the event, whether or not you know the people.;Rob Bell;wedding
It happened in Miami, in Coral Gables, a great big ol' Cuban wedding. It was pretty intense.;Jon Secada;wedding
One time when somebody showed up in a wedding dress, but I never knew if it was a joke, or she was serious. She asked me to marry her. She was serious. It was pretty funny.;Bryan White;wedding
'That's What She Said' is not Hollywood's standard picture of women: preternaturally gorgeous, wedding obsessed, boy crazy, fashion focused, sexed up 'girl' women. These are real women, comically portrayed, who are trying to wrestle with the very expectations of womanhood that Hollywood movies set up.;Carrie Preston;wedding
I got my first big paycheck for 'My Best Friend's Wedding.' This was in the days when you actually did get paid to have a supporting role. It just doesn't happen like that anymore, but this was in the '90s. It was the golden age!;Carrie Preston;wedding
For her fifth wedding, the bride wore black and carried a scotch and soda.;Phyllis Battelle;wedding
