I wondered how they would top the Pirates and skeletons and moonlight, because that's a pretty cool concept.;Orlando Bloom;cool
I'm trying to mix the cool, independent stuff with the big stuff, but it's been difficult finding the right roles. It's been an interesting ride as far as my career pendulum is concerned.;Orlando Bloom;cool
The truth is - I found myself doing these huge action-adventure movies, and um, and which are cool man. And I really love doing them. And thankfully I haven't had too much dialogue, because if I had I would have really made a mess of it. You know what I mean?;Orlando Bloom;cool
It's hard to encapsulate my inspiration because there are so many different looks, but I think it's just like, sexy girl you see walking down the street in a cool outfit. A lot of eyelet, a lot of leather, playing with the hard and the soft, the good and bad inside of us all.;Chloe Sevigny;cool
Danger is cool.;Bryan Cranston;cool
I'm finding, as I get older, that I'm not much of a believer in redemption. I mean, I believe in redemption in real life - redemption does happen, and it's cool when it does - but I find myself getting leery of my desire for it in stories (especially my own).;George Saunders;cool
The cool parts - the parts that have won Dubai its reputation as 'the Vegas of the Middle East' or 'the Venice of the Middle East' or 'the Disney World of the Middle East, if Disney World were the size of San Francisco and out in a desert' - have been built in the last ten years.;George Saunders;cool
It's cool to be a part of recovery. This is just who I am, this is what I write about, what I do, and most of my work has been a reflection of what I've been going through in one way or another.;Chester Bennington;cool
I read the script for Wonder Boys, and I said that was almost perfect, it was so classy, cool and funny. It's a really specific thing. We stuck to it, it turned out good and a lot of people liked it.;Robert Downey, Jr.;cool
Yeah, my dream would be to work for 6 months and then have 6 months to play, just snowboarding, surfing, and going to cool places to listen and be alone and kinda chill out.;Marc Newson;cool
I would like to do a musical, if I could find a cool one. A song-and-dance role is closer to me personally than other characters I play.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;cool
I used to love to draw. I didn't want to go to art class because I felt that would be too corny when I was young, but architectural drafting was the cool thing to do because there was more precision. It taught me a lot about building and structures and doorways and frames and windowsills.;Ice Cube;cool
In the summer I wear shorts with a bright top and ankle boots or just sandals. I'll add a nice scarf, maybe a hat, some cool sunglasses. It's all about the accessories.;Alessandra Ambrosio;cool
Look at Scottish guys wearing kilts - you could look at them and laugh, but the way they carry themselves, how can you? You can wear some of the weirdest things and be cool. If you believe in it, that's what makes it cool.;Andre Benjamin;cool
If I wasn't even famous or had any success, I would still wake up and put tons of make-up on, and put on a cool outfit. That's always been who I've been my whole life, so that's never gonna change. I love fashion. I love getting dressed up. I love Halloween, too.;Gwen Stefani;cool
Hip-hop is still cool at a party. But to me, hip-hop has never been strictly a party it is also there to elevate consciousness.;Saul Williams;cool
But when you're a working actor - and that's what you keep saying in your head, how blessed you are to have a job - and you are working with heavyweights, working with the best guys in TV, it's pretty cool. Exhausting, but cool.;Christopher Meloni;cool
It is a weird feeling to have people go, 'Hey Chris' like they know me. But, number one, 99 percent of my experiences have been really cool. People couldn't be nicer and more positive.;Christopher Meloni;cool
I'd love to date somebody cool, fun, funny.;Rihanna;cool
The second I met Zac, I thought he was a really cool guy. It's hard not to have chemistry with someone who is so attractive.;Vanessa Hudgens;cool
You can be cool and at the same time respect your woman, who will hopefully become your wife, who will hopefully become the mother of your kids. America needs to get back to family values.;Martin Lawrence;cool
I think I'm drawn to more villain-type characters, because it's so cool to get to say all the things you want to say. In Hollywood, you get to this position where you have to bite your tongue so much. You take all your experiences of not being able to say what you really want to say, and channel that through your character.;Gabrielle Union;cool
Being cool, having a 'cool' energy is just not attractive to me.;Selena Gomez;cool
No matter how good you are, at some point your kids are gonna have to create their own independence and think that Mom and Dad aren't cool, just to establish themselves. That's what adolescence is about. They're gonna go through that no matter what.;Eddie Vedder;cool
'Sparkle' fell into my lap. I had heard a little bit about it, that it was being redone in early 2011. I was just kind of like, 'Oh, that would be really cool,' and not really thinking too much about it, and then it came through my agency. I read it, I fell in love with the script and I went in to audition.;Jordin Sparks;cool
As far as friendships go, things change even without the fame. People start moving on. I have a few friends that are married and are starting to have kids and I'm like, 'Oh my goodness gracious - that's so insane.' I also have friends who are just doing their own thing, which is cool.;Jordin Sparks;cool
It's cool to have parents and family who will always tell me the truth no matter what. They'll tell me if I'm doing something stupid!;Jordin Sparks;cool
I have the ability to sing with emotion and feeling, but if you say I sound like Billie Holiday, that's cool. Let's look at who Billie was: she was this person, this singer, this beautiful diva who could move the audience with the slightest gesture of her hand.;Erykah Badu;cool
Oh, man, if in real life I was as cool and suave as Coach Taylor and had all the answers, things would be easier.;Kyle Chandler;cool
I think fashion is a lot of fun. I love clothes. More than fashion or brand labels, I love design. I love the thought that people put into clothes. I love when clothes make cultural statements and I think personal style is really cool. I also freely recognize that fashion should be a hobby.;Anne Hathaway;cool
It was just an idea I had, that it could be cool to have a book covered in fake fur.;Dave Eggers;cool
I'm cool with the way I look, I'm not an ugly dog, but I don't see myself as a stud or anything.;Seann William Scott;cool
I've never been cool and I don't really care about being cool. It's just an awful lot of time and hair gel wasted.;Chris Martin;cool
For my group of friends is Lady Gaga eye-opening? No. She's a less dangerous version of what was so cool about pop culture in the '80s. Back then it was so gay and so punk in so many ways.;Beth Ditto;cool
All this fashion stuff - who's cool now - is just a bigger version of the cool kids versus the nerds.;Beth Ditto;cool
I think it's really cool that there are people like Adele on the cover of 'Vogue' and 'Rolling Stone,' and like I think it's really important that people are talking about your body, because if they don't, then you'll never be able to break that barrier.;Beth Ditto;cool
I think all jocks have a sensitive side. It's just, will they show it to anybody? Will they let their guard down and stop being tough and the cool jock guy around their friends, or just relax? I don't know if it's best to say opening up, but just relax and really say what you're actually thinking, and not what you think people want to hear.;Channing Tatum;cool
Whatever hysteria exists is inflamed by mystery, suspicion and secrecy. Hard and exact facts will cool it.;Elia Kazan;cool
I want to go to college and go back to Georgetown. It's a really cool place.;Bobby Flay;cool
I haven't ever really relied on relationships with guys. They come around and it's cool, but it's never been a big thing. I guess I've just been really distracted by work.;Leighton Meester;cool
If we have a great idea, we'll go, 'Oh, this could be a cool movie.' Or really for us, it's more like, 'Oh, this is a really bad idea. Let's do this. This seems really stupid.';Trey Parker;cool
The ballplayer who loses his head, who can't keep his cool, is worse than no ballplayer at all.;Lou Gehrig;cool
I know what it feels like to have the door slammed firmly in my face, so I'm cool with that.;Mos Def;cool
I am surprised by how not-adopted the video reply has been. What keeps other people from doing it, I think, is that they think a video comes across as 'I'm cool, look at how many e-mails I get.' That perception doesn't scare me, because I know who I am.;Gary Vaynerchuk;cool
People are more comfortable learning about wine because now they can just Google, you know, 'Soave,' and say, 'Oh, O.K., cool.';Gary Vaynerchuk;cool
In my teens, I was never part of the cool crowd.;Jennifer Garner;cool
For most of my life, I've thought of myself as pretty cool.;Nikki Giovanni;cool
When Brian told me he grew up in New Mexico, I told him I thought it is cool that people from other countries play football. He corrected me on my geography and agreed to sit down with me anyway.;Terry Bradshaw;cool
Personally, I was never the cool kid. I was always sort of a bookworm. I would just like to be more like Troy, because he's so cool.;Zac Efron;cool
Personally, I was never the cool kid. I was always sort of a bookworm.;Zac Efron;cool
Spider-Man's probably my favorite. You see, Batman is a billionaire and there's nothing really cool about a billionaire saving the world. But Spider-Man is Peter Parker, a conflicted character who puts on a suit and saves the world. I love that.;Zac Efron;cool
Yeah, I get to fight in 'Eclipse.' My trainer is teaching me MMA right now. So. Cool.;Ashley Greene;cool
My parents are pretty cool people.;Dominic Monaghan;cool
The term 'geek' for me is like you having a passion, interest in something that is unabashed and you don't care if people think it's not cool. You think it's cool and that's your thing.;Dominic Monaghan;cool
I am an unconventional beauty. I grew up in a high school where if you didn't have a nose job and money and if you weren't thin, you weren't cool, popular, beautiful. I was always told that I wasn't pretty enough to be on television.;Lea Michele;cool
But my main thing that I would love to see as a fan of 'Glee,' like I said, is to really get into the character and who they are and what they do outside of school. I think that that's interesting. And then of course the themed stuff and the album episodes are all really cool too.;Lea Michele;cool
I was in choir in school. I kind of just did it. I already knew I wanted to sing. My music program in my school wasn't really great - people didn't really want to be part of the choir, they didn't want to do the plays and stuff like that. It definitely wasn't the cool thing to do.;Lea Michele;cool
I really felt like I finally made it. Having your first fake pregnancy rumor. It was really awesome. I feel like it's part of what happens in this business, but that's a real one. That's a cool one to get.;Lea Michele;cool
I want to be a cool mom.;Tori Spelling;cool
I was never considered cool throughout my teens: a very important time to be accepted by someone, especially your peers. Yes, I had all the screaming women, but the guys hated my guts.;Donny Osmond;cool
Maybe I am a little bit guilty of trying to convince myself that I am cool to this point - even today. But I am so much more healthy than I used to be in my twenties, because I was not accepted at all.;Donny Osmond;cool
It's cool to play a vampire and be a part of this new, hot genre.;Josh Hutcherson;cool
When you get to play a character that's in love, it's cool.;Josh Hutcherson;cool
I've never believed in singing about Satan and thinking he's cool, because he's not.;Dave Mustaine;cool
Both conservatives and liberals watch 'Parks and Recreation,' and they each think the show is for them, which is really cool. 'SNL' was totally different. It was exciting because everyone was paying attention. Political humor works when people know what you're talking about.;Amy Poehler;cool
There's a lot of gimmick infringement out there, but that's cool. It's a compliment. But it all started right when I first came into the Garden. I came down to 'Eye of the Tiger' and when I hit the ring with the Sheik, I just put my hand up to my ear by accident, and the crowd got louder. I was like 'Oh, that works.';Hulk Hogan;cool
All of a sudden, Hulk Hogan has become retro. Hulk Hogan has become cool again. So to come out and to hear how loud the fans are. To hear how loyal the fans are, it's truly overwhelming. I just can't believe I've been reborn in the WWE.;Hulk Hogan;cool
My definition of cool is finding your own definition of cool and not necessarily taking your lead from what other people tell you or from what you might read from magazines or see on TV.;Wentworth Miller;cool
I got tired of the Ramones around the time I quit and I really got into rap. I thought it was the new punk rock. LL Cool J was my biggest idol.;Dee Dee Ramone;cool
Everything that's cool that happens, I look at my wife and I say, 'We need to enjoy this moment right here! This is really special!';Joe Nichols;cool
In my mind, as long as I did what was right for me, I was cool. But that's not the way it works. You have to think about other people and take their feelings into account.;Joe Nichols;cool
There's been a lot of really cool stuff that's happened to me throughout my career, and I remember everything, but I don't think I savored every moment of it like I should have or like I do now.;Joe Nichols;cool
Americans are cool if you show just a chink of vulnerability, they respond so much. They'll pat you on the arm and say, 'Hey kid, you're all right.' Brits will respond but they are much more cynical.;Bear Grylls;cool
I'm blessed to have cool roles in these big movies.;Jeremy Renner;cool
I mean, there are some amazing storytelling being done on the small screen right now. That's what so cool about being in television right now. Studios, networks are starting to throw more resources, better writers, more production values... and to be part of that is awesome.;Ian Somerhalder;cool
I've helped create over 400 jobs in the worst economy of my lifetime. That's cool.;Curt Schilling;cool
My whole thing is that I want to explore why you read books, what's the purpose of reading, and maybe that it's not that cool to hate something just because it's popular.;Josh Radnor;cool
The thing that's cool about the recording booth is that it's so perfunctory, so cut-to-the-chase.;Ron Perlman;cool
I really wanted to do something positive on the Internet. I wanted to try to get young people talking about, thinking about, life's big questions-make it cool and OK to wonder about the heart, the soul and free will and God and death and big topics like that, big human topics.;Rainn Wilson;cool
Vince Vaughn is a genuine person, awesome guy. He'll come to a lot of my shows. It's not that often that you can meet someone as cool as Vince.;Dane Cook;cool
It's cool to express myself, but I've had to learn that doing interviews isn't completely therapy - spilling everything about yourself isn't healthy all the time. But I've been through things that have made me a stronger person, and if I can help some people, I will.;Fergie;cool
My parents were really, really cool about supporting what I wanted to do at a really young age. I think I was about 10 when I caught the bug. They would drive me down to New York if there were auditions. When I was 12, I did this show on Broadway called 'High Society,' so we moved to New York for the run of that.;Anna Kendrick;cool
More and more, Democrats are starting to worry they that they have a more um, colorful version of Jimmy Carter on their hands. Obama acts cool as a proverbial cucumber but that awful '70s show seems frightfully close to a rerun.;Eric Alterman;cool
I've noticed that once you leave London you do kind of become a bit more famous. People in London are a bit too cool for school. It's not so unusual to see someone from London in the street. But outside of London people are a bit more excited to see you and come out and support you.;David Walliams;cool
That was excellent! I mean, it didn't do anything, but it looked really cool!;Adam Savage;cool
I always hated high-school shows and high-school movies, because they were always about the cool kids. It was always about dating and sex, and all the popular kids, and the good-looking kids. And the nerds were super-nerdy cartoons, with tape on their glasses. I never saw 'my people' portrayed accurately.;Paul Feig;cool
It's healthy to have older friends. You go, 'Look, I'm younger than them!' That's always the nice thing, if you can be the youngest one in the room at times. Like if you're always the oldest one in the room, you'll start to feel like the oldest person in the world. So get older friends, because they're cool. Get cool older friends.;Paul Feig;cool
Period costume films are fun to discover, but they're not relatable. It's more, 'Wow, that's cool - did it really look like that back then?' Whereas with a comedy, you're like, 'Yeah, that's me, that's my friends.' No matter what, I want people to relate.;Paul Feig;cool
As tempting as it seems to wear tennis shoes with your tux, don't do it. I think it looks ridiculous. If you're 14 years old, maybe give it a shot. In general, don't portray anything that says 'I'm too cool and I don't care.';Paul Feig;cool
Most of an award-show host's job is showing up and keeping a cool head and soldiering through it, whether it's the Oscars or the Hallmark Channel's 'Hero Dog Awards.';Rob Sheffield;cool
Big Star invented a vision of bohemian rock &amp roll cool that had nothing to do with New York, Los Angeles or London, which made them completely out of style in the 1970s, but also made them an inspiration to generations of weird Southern kids.;Rob Sheffield;cool
I love Poseidon. His trident - his weapon - is really cool.;Kellan Lutz;cool
Hats off to starting a franchise younger than we all did in 'Twilight' and keeping your cool. The 'Harry Potter' men and women had, what, a 10-year run?;Kellan Lutz;cool
Even in high school, I had friends that I didn't know were gay until years later. I'd find out on Facebook or something and be like, 'Oh, that explains some things,' or 'Wow, no wonder they were so cool.';Kellan Lutz;cool
It's interesting because a lot of my 16-year-old kids' friends know me from 'Wedding Crashers,' and not so much Bond. My kids have a good laugh. I was 20 then. The look I had then was the look that a lot of their friends are assuming now. They think it's cool. What goes around comes around.;Jane Seymour;cool
I think you have to be cool to be a good flirt, and I don't think I'm very cool.;Harry Styles;cool
When I see my staff take a step back because I've lost my cool about something food-related, I say never apologise for your standards. If someone doesn't meet them, then you should explain that and that you want it changed. I want my staff to be like that, too.;Curtis Stone;cool
I got a chance to have my dream come true, and I wanted to make sure I made the decision as to when I dropped my last album. If I don't feel like this album is an incredible piece of work, then I'm cool with the albums I've done. I don't have to put out another album.;Puff Daddy;cool
Basically, after an ABC sitcom I did, I ended up with a holding deal with 20th Century Fox. Absolutely cool. It pays you to be unemployed. And the bigger the entity that gives you the deal, the better.;Nathan Fillion;cool
