Polygamy: An endeavour to get more out of life than there is in it.;Elbert Hubbard;life
What material success does is provide you with the ability to concentrate on other things that really matter. And that is being able to make a difference, not only in your own life, but in other people's lives.;Oprah Winfrey;life
My Alma mater was books, a good library... I could spend the rest of my life reading, just satisfying my curiosity.;Malcolm X;life
Live by this credo: have a little laugh at life and look around you for happiness instead of sadness. Laughter has always brought me out of unhappy situations.;Red Skelton;life
It's not the men in my life that count, it's the life in my men.;Mae West;life
Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing what's going to happen next.;Gilda Radner;life
What they're not ready for is guys like you and I and Nails and all the other gnarly gnarlingtons in my life, that we are high priests, Vatican assassin warlocks. Boom. Print that, people. See where that goes.;Charlie Sheen;life
I blame my mother for my poor sex life. All she told me was 'the man goes on top and the woman underneath.' For three years my husband and I slept in bunk beds.;Joan Rivers;life
Imagination and fiction make up more than three quarters of our real life.;Simone Weil;life
Sleep - the most beautiful experience in life - except drink.;W. C. Fields;life
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.;Pablo Picasso;life
Be strong, believe in freedom and in God, love yourself, understand your sexuality, have a sense of humor, masturbate, don't judge people by their religion, color or sexual habits, love life and your family.;Madonna Ciccone;life
For if there is a sin against life, it consists perhaps not so much in despairing of life as in hoping for another life and in eluding the implacable grandeur of this life.;Albert Camus;life
As a remedy to life in society I would suggest the big city. Nowadays, it is the only desert within our means.;Albert Camus;life
It is normal to give away a little of one's life in order not to lose it all.;Albert Camus;life
I've always taken 'The Wizard of Oz' very seriously, you know. I believe in the idea of the rainbow. And I've spent my entire life trying to get over it.;Judy Garland;life
The highest and most beautiful things in life are not to be heard about, nor read about, nor seen but, if one will, are to be lived.;Soren Kierkegaard;life
There are moments in life, when the heart is so full of emotion That if by chance it be shaken, or into its depths like a pebble Drops some careless word, it overflows, and its secret, Spilt on the ground like water, can never be gathered together.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;life
It's funny the way most people love the dead. Once you are dead, you are made for life.;Jimi Hendrix;life
Life takes its path and sometimes there are people to blame. Of course there are bad people in this world. Good, bad, it happens unfortunately. But in a way I think if there was more focus on the good, more good would happen.;Andrea Corr;life
Life all comes down to a few moments. This is one of them.;Charlie Sheen;life
The joy of life consists in the exercise of one's energies, continual growth, constant change, the enjoyment of every new experience. To stop means simply to die. The eternal mistake of mankind is to set up an attainable ideal.;Aleister Crowley;life
One's family is the most important thing in life. I look at it this way: One of these days I'll be over in a hospital somewhere with four walls around me. And the only people who'll be with me will be my family.;Robert Byrd;life
The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future in life.;Plato;life
I like people that enjoy life, 'cause I do the same.;Lil Wayne;life
For God so loved the World that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life.;Jesus Christ;life
So if you stay ready, you ain't gotta get ready, and that is how I run my life.;Will Smith;life
Life is too short to spend hoping that the perfectly arched eyebrow or hottest new lip shade will mask an ugly heart.;Kevyn Aucoin;life
We don't get a chance to do that many things, and every one should be really excellent. Because this is our life. Life is brief, and then you die, you know? So this is what we've chosen to do with our life.;Steve Jobs;life
If I had to choose a religion, the sun as the universal giver of life would be my god.;Napoleon Bonaparte;life
Life is made up, not of great sacrifices or duties, but of little things, in which smiles and kindness, and small obligations given habitually, are what preserve the heart and secure comfort.;Humphry Davy;life
There has never yet been a man in our history who led a life of ease whose name is worth remembering.;Theodore Roosevelt;life
I just got one last thing, I urge all of you, all of you, to enjoy your life, the precious moments you have. To spend each day with some laughter and some thought, to get you're emotions going.;Jim Valvano;life
Do what you love to do and give it your very best. Whether it's business or baseball, or the theater, or any field. If you don't love what you're doing and you can't give it your best, get out of it. Life is too short. You'll be an old man before you know it.;Al Lopez;life
I don't think you ever stop giving. I really don't. I think it's an on-going process. And it's not just about being able to write a check. It's being able to touch somebody's life.;Oprah Winfrey;life
Faith is the first factor in a life devoted to service. Without it, nothing is possible. With it, nothing is impossible.;Mary McLeod Bethune;life
My goal is to be one with the music. I just dedicate my whole life to this art.;Jimi Hendrix;life
A life lived with integrity - even if it lacks the trappings of fame and fortune is a shining star in whose light others may follow in the years to come.;Denis Waitley;life
If a man can bridge the gap between life and death, if he can live on after he's dead, then maybe he was a great man.;James Dean;life
I like the idea of being alone. I like the idea of often being alone in all aspects of my life. I like to feel lonely. I like to need things.;Robert Plant;life
Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be.;Grandma Moses;life
For the meaning of life differs from man to man, from day to day and from hour to hour. What matters, therefore, is not the meaning of life in general but rather the specific meaning of a person's life at a given moment.;Viktor E. Frankl;life
One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, indignation and compassion.;Simone de Beauvoir;life
I'm at the age where food has taken the place of sex in my life. In fact, I've just had a mirror put over my kitchen table.;Rodney Dangerfield;life
If I have any worth, it is to live my life for God so as to teach these peoples even though some of them still look down on me.;Saint Patrick;life
Life could be wonderful if people would leave you alone.;Charlie Chaplin;life
I really believe that everyone has a talent, ability, or skill that he can mine to support himself and to succeed in life.;Dean Koontz;life
I lost my sense of trust, honesty and compassion. I crashed down and became what I consider an emotional mess. I've never been so miserable in my whole life. I just wanted to go to bed and never get up.;Shania Twain;life
I have found it easier to identify with the characters who verge upon hysteria, who were frightened of life, who were desperate to reach out to another person. But these seemingly fragile people are the strong people really.;Tennessee Williams;life
Life can be pulled by goals just as surely as it can be pushed by drives.;Viktor E. Frankl;life
I have been up against tough competition all my life. I wouldn't know how to get along without it.;Walt Disney;life
Life is all memory, except for the one present moment that goes by you so quickly you hardly catch it going.;Tennessee Williams;life
I have a lot of things to prove to myself. One is that I can live my life fearlessly.;Oprah Winfrey;life
You make mistakes, but I don't have any regrets. I'm the kind of person who takes responsibility for it and deals with it. I learn from everything I do. I work very hard, I have so many things going on in my life. Get to know me and see who I am.;Kim Kardashian;life
Photography takes an instant out of time, altering life by holding it still.;Dorothea Lange;life
Life's pretty good, and why wouldn't it be? I'm a pirate, after all.;Johnny Depp;life
Sorrow is knowledge, those that know the most must mourn the deepest, the tree of knowledge is not the tree of life.;Lord Byron;life
Creativity is a great motivator because it makes people interested in what they are doing. Creativity gives hope that there can be a worthwhile idea. Creativity gives the possibility of some sort of achievement to everyone. Creativity makes life more fun and more interesting.;Edward de Bono;life
Gratitude helps you to grow and expand gratitude brings joy and laughter into your life and into the lives of all those around you.;Eileen Caddy;life
If I were to say, 'God, why me?' about the bad things, then I should have said, 'God, why me?' about the good things that happened in my life.;Arthur Ashe;life
Music is love, love is music, music is life, and I love my life. Thank you and good night.;A. J. McLean;life
I was set free because my greatest fear had been realized, and I still had a daughter who I adored, and I had an old typewriter and a big idea. And so rock bottom became a solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.;J. K. Rowling;life
I don't think I've ever worked so hard on something, but working on Macintosh was the neatest experience of my life. Almost everyone who worked on it will say that. None of us wanted to release it at the end. It was as though we knew that once it was out of our hands, it wouldn't be ours anymore.;Steve Jobs;life
Words can never adequately convey the incredible impact of our attitudes toward life. The longer I live the more convinced I become that life is 10 percent what happens to us and 90 percent how we respond to it.;Charles R. Swindoll;life
I'll always stay connected with Apple. I hope that throughout my life I'll sort of have the thread of my life and the thread of Apple weave in and out of each other, like a tapestry. There may be a few years when I'm not there, but I'll always come back.;Steve Jobs;life
Friends are as companions on a journey, who ought to aid each other to persevere in the road to a happier life.;Pythagoras;life
The first thing which I can record concerning myself is, that I was born. These are wonderful words. This life, to which neither time nor eternity can bring diminution - this everlasting living soul, began. My mind loses itself in these depths.;Groucho Marx;life
Take control of your consistent emotions and begin to consciously and deliberately reshape your daily experience of life.;Tony Robbins;life
When it comes to life the critical thing is whether you take things for granted or take them with gratitude.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;life
He who is void of virtuous attachments in private life is, or very soon will be, void of all regard for his country. There is seldom an instance of a man guilty of betraying his country, who had not before lost the feeling of moral obligations in his private connections.;Samuel Adams;life
Sometimes, I feel like one who is on the sidelines, who has missed life itself.;Nelson Mandela;life
Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly.;Langston Hughes;life
Life is to be entered upon with courage.;Alexis de Tocqueville;life
Difficult times have helped me to understand better than before, how infinitely rich and beautiful life is in every way, and that so many things that one goes worrying about are of no importance whatsoever.;Isak Dinesen;life
Haters never win. I just think that's true about life, because negative energy always costs in the end.;Tom Hiddleston;life
In life you need either inspiration or desperation.;Tony Robbins;life
They tell us that suicide is the greatest piece of cowardice... that suicide is wrong when it is quite obvious that there is nothing in the world to which every man has a more unassailable title than to his own life and person.;Arthur Schopenhauer;life
Your problem is how you are going to spend this one odd and precious life you have been issued. Whether you're going to spend it trying to look good and creating the illusion that you have power over people and circumstances, or whether you are going to taste it, enjoy it and find out the truth about who you are.;Anne Lamott;life
You can't make positive choices for the rest of your life without an environment that makes those choices easy, natural, and enjoyable.;Deepak Chopra;life
Woz is living his own life now. He hasn't been around Apple for about five years. But what he did will go down in history.;Steve Jobs;life
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save.;Will Rogers;life
Choice of attention - to pay attention to this and ignore that - is to the inner life what choice of action is to the outer. In both cases, a man is responsible for his choice and must accept the consequences, whatever they may be.;W. H. Auden;life
It is a bit embarrassing to have been concerned with the human problem all one's life and find at the end that one has no more to offer by way of advice than 'try to be a little kinder.';Aldous Huxley;life
I think togetherness is a very important ingredient to family life.;Barbara Bush;life
Sometimes you trust someone who turns out not to be honest. There are a lot of things that happen in life that don't turn out the way you're given the impression that they will. And I think that's all kind of a con. But I think we've probably all been hurt.;Sigourney Weaver;life
My guiding principles in life are to be honest, genuine, thoughtful and caring.;Prince William;life
Be thou the rainbow in the storms of life. The evening beam that smiles the clouds away, and tints tomorrow with prophetic ray.;Lord Byron;life
I do not believe in excuses. I believe in hard work as the prime solvent of life's problems.;James Cash Penney;life
I made a mistake by being ejected from the presidency. Next time, I will choose a Cabinet which will allow me to be life President.;Nelson Mandela;life
Life is too short to worry about anything. You had better enjoy it because the next day promises nothing.;Eric Davis;life
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself.;Anais Nin;life
You must pass your days in song. Let your whole life be a song.;Sai Baba;life
A bachelor's life is a fine breakfast, a flat lunch, and a miserable dinner.;Francis Bacon;life
If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life. With confidence, you have won even before you have started.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;life
You know what your problem is, it's that you haven't seen enough movies - all of life's riddles are answered in the movies.;Steve Martin;life
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.;Charles R. Swindoll;life
You were made by God and for God, and until you understand that, life will never make sense.;Rick Warren;life
Life is essentially a cheat and its conditions are those of defeat the redeeming things are not happiness and pleasure but the deeper satisfactions that come out of struggle.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;life
My general attitude to life is to enjoy every minute of every day. I never do anything with a feeling of, 'Oh God, I've got to do this today.';Richard Branson;life
