In America, we have so many movies and so much media about the Islamic world, the sub-continental world, but it's not a conversation, it's a monologue. It's always from one point of view. 'If we don't tell our own stories, no one will tell them' is my mantra.;Mira Nair;movies
I was a huge fan of comedy and movies and TV growing up, and I was able to memorize and mimic a lot of things, not realizing that that meant I probably wanted to be an actor. I just really, really amused myself and my friends with memorizing entire George Carlin or Steve Martin albums.;Hank Azaria;movies
Cronenberg's a lot of fun, and that a lot of people don't know watching his movies. He doesn't take himself seriously. He's still reinventing himself.;Vincent Cassel;movies
You know, I was a huge fan of comedy and movies and TV growing up, and I was able to memorize and mimic a lot of things, not realizing that that meant I probably wanted to be an actor.;Hank Azaria;movies
What I don't like are pompous, pretentious movies.;Peter Jackson;movies
I like movies about longing and desperation, and dark and light things, stories about people struggling to raise children, and to have relationships and be intimate with each other.;Laura Dern;movies
I usually do get the tomboy parts in the movies, which is kind of like me, but not totally. I like to shop as much as Ashley, but she is a little more of a girlie-girl than me.;Mary-Kate Olsen;movies
It is odd there are many movies with many men. But generally movies have one woman, or maybe the older woman and the younger girl.;Carla Gugino;movies
I'm not looking to lose anything. I'm looking to continue making movies.;Johnny Knoxville;movies
The really courageous and bold thing is to make movies about human behaviour.;Laura Dern;movies
I love doing serious movies for adults.;Carla Gugino;movies
Dance, vaudeville, drama, movies - as a child I loved everything that went on in a theater.;James Broughton;movies
Unfortunately, overall, movies are a conglomerate. People buy and sell people in this business, which can get really ugly.;Laura Dern;movies
I'm intrigued by films that have a singular vision behind them. A lot of studio movies have ten writers by the time they're done. You have a movie testing 200 times, making adjustments according to various people's opinions. It's difficult to have an undistilled vision.;Carla Gugino;movies
I have a feeling, one of those gut feelings, that I'll make pretty good movies the rest of my life.;Paul Thomas Anderson;movies
I remember when first, Stripes, and then Animal House came out - which I was really proud of, even though it was kind of loose and quite raucous - there were imitative movies that were not quite as good.;Ivan Reitman;movies
Unfortunately, 'chick flick' has become a term to describe most movies that I don't even like. They're these movies that, yes, have women in them but they really don't reflect who women are, and there's something kind of silly or shallow or gossipy about them.;Carla Gugino;movies
I had the standard movie geek childhood, because for as long as I can remember, all I wanted to do was make movies.;Paul Thomas Anderson;movies
Movies either work or they don't work and they're either funny or they're not and we work very hard. To achieve that kind of work is really kind of delicate stitching.;Ivan Reitman;movies
I don't have a lot of patience for boring arthouse movies.;Zoe Kazan;movies
I don't think the competition's so rough, within the majority of movies made in Hollywood.;Paul Thomas Anderson;movies
My sense is, I think it's okay for directors to do movies that speak to other work in their career.;Ivan Reitman;movies
I think movies have much more magic than the theater. Theater can be a magical experience, but movies thrust their subjectivity on you in a more profound way.;Zoe Kazan;movies
There's more to life than movies.;Paul Walker;movies
I think movies are good for getting into dream states or exploring weird alternate states of thinking.;Alex Winter;movies
I grew up in L.A., and I don't think I've seen L.A. onscreen in a way that felt real to me. There are definitely movies, but they are few and far between.;Zoe Kazan;movies
I want to see as many movies as I can and I covet a lot of weird influential movies.;Kat Dennings;movies
The thing is there have been American movies that are similar to Solaris, like Alien had a lot of things that are similar, although it's also got the horror element.;Alex Winter;movies
I find playwriting really painful. I love it, or I wouldn't do it, but I don't love the theater as much as I love movies.;Zoe Kazan;movies
Back in the '70s, like one of my favorite movies ever was 'The Bad News Bears', and that was a kids' movie, but I don't think of it that way. I think of it as just a great movie because Walter Matthau was so funny and so harsh with those kids.;Jack Black;movies
The thing about movies these days is that the commerce end of it is so inflated and financiers are just expecting this enormous return on their investment.;Alex Winter;movies
I love bad movies, whereas going to the theater for me is a painful experience. I think it's really hard to sit and watch actors do something live and have it not go well.;Zoe Kazan;movies
The trick of making movies in this culture is how to not give up everything that makes them worthwhile in order to get them made - and that's a tricky balance.;Alex Winter;movies
I find playwriting to be incredibly difficult compared to screenwriting. Part of it is that I grew up watching movies and not watching plays.;Zoe Kazan;movies
I guess I watch movies to make myself happier a lot.;Mike Mills;movies
What bugs me is that movies don't reflect how interesting and vibrant women are. We don't treasure women as they get older.;Jill Clayburgh;movies
I think filmmakers want their movies to be seen.;Alex Winter;movies
There's some movies I watch, they're kind of like my anti-anxiety pill, my anti-depressant pill. I watch them at least once or twice a month probably. And I never stop learning from them as a filmmaker.;Mike Mills;movies
James Cameron has always been way ahead of the curve in terms of the use of technology in his movies.;Joe Morton;movies
Bad things do happen how I respond to them defines my character and the quality of my life. I can choose to sit in perpetual sadness, immobilized by the gravity of my loss, or I can choose to rise from the pain and treasure the most precious gift I have - life itself.;Walter Anderson;movingon
You build on failure. You use it as a stepping stone. Close the door on the past. You don't try to forget the mistakes, but you don't dwell on it. You don't let it have any of your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space.;Johnny Cash;movingon
Love one another and help others to rise to the higher levels, simply by pouring out love. Love is infectious and the greatest healing energy.;Sai Baba;movingon
Don't dwell on what went wrong. Instead, focus on what to do next. Spend your energies on moving forward toward finding the answer.;Denis Waitley;movingon
Forgiving does not erase the bitter past. A healed memory is not a deleted memory. Instead, forgiving what we cannot forget creates a new way to remember. We change the memory of our past into a hope for our future.;Lewis B. Smedes;movingon
Blessed are the hearts that can bend they shall never be broken.;Albert Camus;movingon
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love.;Hubert H. Humphrey;movingon
It is only through labor and painful effort, by grim energy and resolute courage, that we move on to better things.;Theodore Roosevelt;movingon
I think it's important to have closure in any relationship that ends - from a romantic relationship to a friendship. You should always have a sense of clarity at the end and know why it began and why it ended. You need that in your life to move cleanly into your next phase.;Jennifer Aniston;movingon
To help yourself, you must be yourself. Be the best that you can be. When you make a mistake, learn from it, pick yourself up and move on.;Dave Pelzer;movingon
Forget the past.;Nelson Mandela;movingon
Moving on, is a simple thing, what it leaves behind is hard.;Dave Mustaine;movingon
Expect trouble as an inevitable part of life and repeat to yourself, the most comforting words of all this, too, shall pass.;Ann Landers;movingon
Being divorced is like being hit by a Mack truck. If you live through it, you start looking very carefully to the right and to the left.;Jean Kerr;movingon
I tell you the past is a bucket of ashes, so live not in your yesterdays, no just for tomorrow, but in the here and now. Keep moving and forget the post mortems and remember, no one can get the jump on the future.;Carl Sandburg;movingon
The art of war is simple enough. Find out where your enemy is. Get at him as soon as you can. Strike him as hard as you can, and keep moving on.;Ulysses S. Grant;movingon
I think a spiritual journey is not so much a journey of discovery. It's a journey of recovery. It's a journey of uncovering your own inner nature. It's already there.;Billy Corgan;movingon
Take those chances and you can achieve greatness, whereas if you go conservative, you'll never know. I truly believe what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. Even if you fail, learning and moving on is sometimes the best thing.;Danica Patrick;movingon
The goal of spiritual practice is full recovery, and the only thing you need to recover from is a fractured sense of self.;Marianne Williamson;movingon
Man maintains his balance, poise, and sense of security only as he is moving forward.;Maxwell Maltz;movingon
I love to shop after a bad relationship. I don't know. I buy a new outfit and it makes me feel better. It just does. Sometimes I see a really great outfit, I'll break up with someone on purpose.;Rita Rudner;movingon
The heart will break, but broken live on.;Lord Byron;movingon
I've been heartbroken. I've broken hearts. That's part of life, and its part of figuring out who you are so you can find the right partner.;Heidi Klum;movingon
Healing yourself is connected with healing others.;Yoko Ono;movingon
Recovery is something that you have to work on every single day and it's something that it doesn't get a day off.;Demi Lovato;movingon
I don't live in the past at all I'm always wanting to do something new. I make a point of constantly trying to forget and get things out of my mind.;Brian Eno;movingon
The moving finger writes, and having written moves on. Nor all thy piety nor all thy wit, can cancel half a line of it.;Omar Khayyam;movingon
One makes mistakes that is life. But it is never a mistake to have loved.;Romain Rolland;movingon
I'm pretty horrible at relationships and haven't been in many long-term ones. Leaving and moving on - returning to a familiar sense of self-reliance and autonomy - is what I know that feeling is as comfortable and comforting as it might be for a different kind of person to stay.;Carrie Brownstein;movingon
You may have a fresh start any moment you choose, for this thing that we call 'failure' is not the falling down, but the staying down.;Mary Pickford;movingon
What surrounds us we endure better for giving it a name - and moving on.;Emile M. Cioran;movingon
I must be careful not to get trapped in the past. That's why I tend to forget my songs.;Mick Jagger;movingon
O! many a shaft, at random sent, Finds mark the archer little meant! And many a word, at random spoken, May soothe or wound a heart that's broken!;Walter Scott;movingon
Any time you end a relationship, and everyone has ended plenty in their life, it's always a tough thing and hard to get over.;Adam Brody;movingon
Forget the past - the future will give you plenty to worry about.;George Allen, Sr.;movingon
Some women feel the best cure for a broken heart is a new beau.;Gene Tierney;movingon
What's that line from TS Eliot? To arrive at the place where you started, but to know it for the first time. I'm able to write about a breakup from a different place. Same brokenness. Same rock-bottom. But a little more informed, now I'm older. Thank God for growing up.;Alanis Morissette;movingon
If you've got to my age, you've probably had your heart broken many times. So it's not that difficult to unpack a bit of grief from some little corner of your heart and cry over it.;Emma Thompson;movingon
I can relate to having those people in your life that you feel are moving on to this great, big, normal life and you're like, 'What's wrong with me?';Kristen Wiig;movingon
The words of kindness are more healing to a drooping heart than balm or honey.;Sarah Fielding;movingon
Who can't relate to the idea of leaving one chapter behind and moving on to the next?;Mike Shinoda;movingon
I can still love an ex as a person, regardless if the breakup was bad. I would never wish anything negative on them. It takes more energy to hate them than to wish them well.;Ashley Greene;movingon
By forgetting the past and by throwing myself into other interests, I forget to worry.;Jack Dempsey;movingon
When you start using senses you've neglected, your reward is to see the world with completely fresh eyes.;Barbara Sher;movingon
I've always believed that if you don't stay moving, they will throw dirt on you.;Paul Anka;movingon
Getting over someone is a grieving process. You mourn the loss of the relationship, and that's only expedited by 'Out of sight, out of mind.' But when you walk outside and see them on a billboard or on TV or on the cover of a magazine, it reopens the wound. It's a high-class problem, but it's real.;Hank Azaria;movingon
I know people who grow old and bitter. I want to keep making a fresh start. I don't want them to defeat me. That would be suicidal.;Robert Wyatt;movingon
I will be really happy once I have done my jail time. I can start fresh.;Nicole Richie;movingon
I actually think sadness and darkness can be very beautiful and healing.;Duncan Sheik;movingon
I mean, don't forget the earth's about five thousand million years old, at least. Who can afford to live in the past?;Harold Pinter;movingon
The Marines was a fresh start - that is why they shave your head. I wish they would let you change your name.;Drew Carey;movingon
The all-seeing eye of God beheld our deplorable state infinite pity touched the heart of the Father of mercies and infinite wisdom laid the plan of our recovery.;David Brainerd;movingon
Like anyone who goes to college, you're leaving a familiar surrounding and a comfortable environment and your friends and everything, and you're starting fresh. It can be pretty daunting.;Jason Biggs;movingon
There's always something to suggest that you'll never be who you wanted to be. Your choice is to take it or keep on moving.;Phylicia Rashad;movingon
I kind of came to the conclusion after I did finally get married that love and relationships are just a series of horrific losses with hopefully one win.;Justin Halpern;movingon
Suffering isn't ennobling, recovery is.;Christiaan Barnard;movingon
Part of growing up is just taking what you learn from that and moving on and not taking it to heart.;Beverley Mitchell;movingon
I can tell you one thing, Iran is closer to developing nuclear weapons today than it was a week ago, or a month ago or a year ago. It's just moving on with its efforts.;Benjamin Netanyahu;movingon
As far as friendships go, things change even without the fame. People start moving on. I have a few friends that are married and are starting to have kids and I'm like, 'Oh my goodness gracious - that's so insane.' I also have friends who are just doing their own thing, which is cool.;Jordin Sparks;movingon
But you know, if you live an affluent lifestyle, there are all types of trappings that are there that you have to be cognizant of, and you've got to try and communicate freely and gain understanding about and then keep moving on, because you know, sometimes lifestyles are chosen for us as opposed to us choosing them.;Julius Erving;movingon
