I wash my hands of those who imagine chattering to be knowledge, silence to be ignorance, and affection to be art.;Khalil Gibran;art
There's no art to find the mind's construction in the face.;William Shakespeare;art
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook.;William James;art
The art of love is largely the art of persistence.;Albert Ellis;art
The moment you think you understand a great work of art, it's dead for you.;Oscar Wilde;art
If art is to nourish the roots of our culture, society must set the artist free to follow his vision wherever it takes him.;John F. Kennedy;art
It is only an auctioneer who can equally and impartially admire all schools of art.;Oscar Wilde;art
What we have to do, what at any rate it is our duty to do, is to revive the old art of Lying.;Oscar Wilde;art
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.;Sun Tzu;art
A man's work is nothing but this slow trek to rediscover, through the detours of art, those two or three great and simple images in whose presence his heart first opened.;Albert Camus;art
Speak the truth, do not yield to anger give, if thou art asked for little by these three steps thou wilt go near the gods.;Confucius;art
A work of art is above all an adventure of the mind.;Eugene Ionesco;art
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;art
The art of acting consists in keeping people from coughing.;Benjamin Franklin;art
In general, the art of government consists of taking as much money as possible from one class of citizens to give to another.;Voltaire;art
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.;Don Marquis;art
I think in art, but especially in films, people are trying to confirm their own existences.;Jim Morrison;art
If being an egomaniac means I believe in what I do and in my art or music, then in that respect you can call me that... I believe in what I do, and I'll say it.;John Lennon;art
Life is the art of drawing without an eraser.;John W. Gardner;art
Every art and every inquiry, and similarly every action and choice, is thought to aim at some good and for this reason the good has rightly been declared to be that at which all things aim.;Aristotle;art
Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie' until you can find a rock.;Will Rogers;art
Well, Art is Art, isn't it? Still, on the other hand, water is water. And east is east and west is west and if you take cranberries and stew them like applesauce they taste much more like prunes than rhubarb does. Now you tell me what you know.;Groucho Marx;art
Admiration for a quality or an art can be so strong that it deters us from striving to possess it.;Friedrich Nietzsche;art
Homer has taught all other poets the art of telling lies skillfully.;Aristotle;art
Art is not merely an imitation of the reality of nature, but in truth a metaphysical supplement to the reality of nature, placed alongside thereof for its conquest.;Friedrich Nietzsche;art
It is Homer who has chiefly taught other poets the art of telling lies skillfully.;Aristotle;art
For art to exist, for any sort of aesthetic activity to exist, a certain physiological precondition is indispensable: intoxication.;Friedrich Nietzsche;art
I do not know what the spirit of a philosopher could more wish to be than a good dancer. For the dance is his ideal, also his fine art, finally also the only kind of piety he knows, his 'divine service.';Friedrich Nietzsche;art
The art of living is more like wrestling than dancing.;Marcus Aurelius;art
Were I called on to define, very briefly, the term Art, I should call it 'the reproduction of what the Senses perceive in Nature through the veil of the soul.' The mere imitation, however accurate, of what is in Nature, entitles no man to the sacred name of 'Artist.';Edgar Allan Poe;art
When art dresses in worn-out material it is most easily recognized as art.;Friedrich Nietzsche;art
Sleeping is no mean art: for its sake one must stay awake all day.;Friedrich Nietzsche;art
Art raises its head where creeds relax.;Friedrich Nietzsche;art
The bad gains respect through imitation, the good loses it especially in art.;Friedrich Nietzsche;art
Envy is the art of counting the other fellow's blessings instead of your own.;Harold Coffin;art
Politics is the art of controlling your environment.;Hunter S. Thompson;art
Take care to sell your horse before he dies. The art of life is passing losses on.;Robert Frost;art
It is the function of art to renew our perception. What we are familiar with we cease to see. The writer shakes up the familiar scene, and, as if by magic, we see a new meaning in it.;Anais Nin;art
Next to the Word of God, the noble art of music is the greatest treasure in the world.;Martin Luther;art
She had lost the art of conversation but not, unfortunately, the power of speech.;George Bernard Shaw;art
You use a glass mirror to see your face you use works of art to see your soul.;George Bernard Shaw;art
Art is the beautiful way of doing things. Science is the effective way of doing things. Business is the economic way of doing things.;Elbert Hubbard;art
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.;Andy Warhol;art
Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over.;Octavia Butler;art
The art of government is the organisation of idolatry.;George Bernard Shaw;art
Truly fertile Music, the only kind that will move us, that we shall truly appreciate, will be a Music conducive to Dream, which banishes all reason and analysis. One must not wish first to understand and then to feel. Art does not tolerate Reason.;Albert Camus;art
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.;Pablo Picasso;art
We're going to shoot one Polaroid per show. I'm going to sign this before it even develops because I know that once it develops with my signature on it, it's worth a fortune. I'll make this a work of magic warlock art.;Charlie Sheen;art
Art is never finished, only abandoned.;Leonardo da Vinci;art
The art of government is to make two-thirds of a nation pay all it possibly can pay for the benefit of the other third.;Voltaire;art
My goal is to be one with the music. I just dedicate my whole life to this art.;Jimi Hendrix;art
Advertising is the art of convincing people to spend money they don't have for something they don't need.;Will Rogers;art
Love isn't an emotion or an instinct - it's an art.;Mae West;art
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;art
Democracy is the art and science of running the circus from the monkey cage.;H. L. Mencken;art
When you create art, the world has to wait.;Will Smith;art
I started to make a study of the art of war and revolution and, whilst abroad, underwent a course in military training. If there was to be guerrilla warfare, I wanted to be able to stand and fight with my people and to share the hazards of war with them.;Nelson Mandela;art
The art of medicine consists in amusing the patient while nature cures the disease.;Voltaire;art
Bullfighting is the only art in which the artist is in danger of death and in which the degree of brilliance in the performance is left to the fighter's honor.;Ernest Hemingway;art
To catch a husband is an art to hold him is a job.;Simone de Beauvoir;art
Rhetoric is the art of ruling the minds of men.;Plato;art
In the practical art of war, the best thing of all is to take the enemy's country whole and intact to shatter and destroy it is not so good.;Sun Tzu;art
He who possesses art and science has religion he who does not possess them, needs religion.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;art
Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it.;Laurence J. Peter;art
Music is the art of the prophets and the gift of God.;Martin Luther;art
You must not fight too often with one enemy, or you will teach him all your art of war.;Napoleon Bonaparte;art
The biggest problem with every art is by the use of appearance to create a loftier reality.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;art
Art is a lie that makes us realize truth.;Pablo Picasso;art
I think art is the only thing that's spiritual in the world. And I refuse to forced to believe in other people's interpretations of God. I don't think anybody should be. No one person can own the copyright to what God means.;Marilyn Manson;art
I never called my work an 'art'. It's part of show business, the business of building entertainment.;Walt Disney;art
Religion is the masterpiece of the art of animal training, for it trains people as to how they shall think.;Arthur Schopenhauer;art
Where the spirit does not work with the hand, there is no art.;Leonardo da Vinci;art
In a decaying society, art, if it is truthful, must also reflect decay. And unless it wants to break faith with its social function, art must show the world as changeable. And help to change it.;Ernst Fischer;art
The human foot is a masterpiece of engineering and a work of art.;Leonardo da Vinci;art
It is after all the greatest art to limit and isolate oneself.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;art
Good management is the art of making problems so interesting and their solutions so constructive that everyone wants to get to work and deal with them.;Paul Hawken;art
Art is not a handicraft, it is the transmission of feeling the artist has experienced.;Leo Tolstoy;art
Art is always and everywhere the secret confession, and at the same time the immortal movement of its time.;Karl Marx;art
One does not need buildings, money, power, or status to practice the Art of Peace. Heaven is right where you are standing, and that is the place to train.;Morihei Ueshiba;art
Art is not a treasure in the past or an importation from another land, but part of the present life of all living and creating peoples.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;art
Art is making something out of nothing and selling it.;Frank Zappa;art
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things.;Henry Ward Beecher;art
All married couples should learn the art of battle as they should learn the art of making love. Good battle is objective and honest - never vicious or cruel. Good battle is healthy and constructive, and brings to a marriage the principles of equal partnership.;Ann Landers;art
The web, then, or the pattern, a web at once sensuous and logical, an elegant and pregnant texture: that is style, that is the foundation of the art of literature.;Robert Louis Stevenson;art
Dear God! how beauty varies in nature and art. In a woman the flesh must be like marble in a statue the marble must be like flesh.;Victor Hugo;art
He who would do good to another must do it in Minute Particulars: general Good is the plea of the scoundrel, hypocrite, and flatterer, for Art and Science cannot exist but in minutely organized Particulars.;William Blake;art
When thou art above measure angry, bethink thee how momentary is man's life.;Marcus Aurelius;art
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.;Andy Warhol;art
Europe is so well gardened that it resembles a work of art, a scientific theory, a neat metaphysical system. Man has re-created Europe in his own image.;Aldous Huxley;art
Surely all art is the result of one's having been in danger, of having gone through an experience all the way to the end, where no one can go any further.;Rainer Maria Rilke;art
I am a soul. I know well that what I shall render up to the grave is not myself. That which is myself will go elsewhere. Earth, thou art not my abyss!;Victor Hugo;art
Photography is more than a medium for factual communication of ideas. It is a creative art.;Ansel Adams;art
Perhaps it's good for one to suffer. Can an artist do anything if he's happy? Would he ever want to do anything? What is art, after all, but a protest against the horrible inclemency of life?;Aldous Huxley;art
The art of war is simple enough. Find out where your enemy is. Get at him as soon as you can. Strike him as hard as you can, and keep moving on.;Ulysses S. Grant;art
The finest works of art are precious, among other reasons, because they make it possible for us to know, if only imperfectly and for a little while, what it actually feels like to think subtly and feel nobly.;Aldous Huxley;art
Art is the elimination of the unnecessary.;Pablo Picasso;art
I think most of the people involved in any art always secretly wonder whether they are really there because they're good or there because they're lucky.;Katharine Hepburn;art
The art of life is to know how to enjoy a little and to endure very much.;William Hazlitt;art
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.;Isaac Newton;art
