Happiness is obsolete: uneconomic.;Theodor Adorno;happiness
A pencil and rubber are of more use to thought than a battalion of assistants. To happiness the same applies as to truth: one does not have it, but is in it.;Theodor Adorno;happiness
Happiness is an attitude of mind, born of the simple determination to be happy under all outward circumstances.;J. Donald Walters;happiness
Grief knits two hearts in closer bonds than happiness ever can and common sufferings are far stronger links than common joys.;Alphonse de Lamartine;happiness
Now I believe that lovers should be draped in flowers and laid entwined together on a bed of clover and left there to sleep, left there to dream of their happiness.;Conor Oberst;happiness
Some of us might find happiness if we quit struggling so desperately for it.;William Feather;happiness
Actions are right in proportion as they tend to promote happiness wrong as they tend to produce the reverse of happiness. By happiness is intended pleasure and the absence of pain.;John Stuart Mill;happiness
I wish people could acheive what they think would bring them happiness in order for them to realize that thats not really what happiness is.;Alanis Morissette;happiness
Such happiness as life is capable of comes from the full participation of all our powers in the endeavor to wrest from each changing situations of experience its own full and unique meaning.;John Dewey;happiness
The secret to true happiness is a combination of low expectations and insensitivity.;Olivia Goldsmith;happiness
I saw that all beings are fated to happiness: action is not life, but a way of wasting some force, an enervation. Morality is the weakness of the brain.;Arthur Rimbaud;happiness
Crying is cleansing. There's a reason for tears, happiness or sadness.;Dionne Warwick;happiness
Success is getting and achieving what you want. Happiness is wanting and being content with what you get.;Bernard Meltzer;happiness
Just stop for a minute and you'll realize you're happy just being. I think it's the pursuit that screws up happiness. If we drop the pursuit, it's right here.;James Hillman;happiness
One mustn't ask apple trees for oranges, France for sun, women for love, life for happiness.;Gustave Flaubert;happiness
Oh, if I had been loved at the age of seventeen, what an idiot I would be today. Happiness is like smallpox: if you catch it too soon, it can completely ruin your constitution.;Gustave Flaubert;happiness
We are built to conquer environment, solve problems, achieve goals, and we find no real satisfaction or happiness in life without obstacles to conquer and goals to achieve.;Maxwell Maltz;happiness
Thus happiness depends, as nature shows, less on exterior things than most suppose.;William Cowper;happiness
Alas! if the principles of contentment are not within us, the height of station and worldly grandeur will as soon add a cubit to a man's stature as to his happiness.;Laurence Sterne;happiness
Happiness and virtue rest upon each other the best are not only the happiest, but the happiest are usually the best.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;happiness
Tell him, on the contrary, that he needs, in the interest of his own happiness, to walk in the path of humility and self-control, and he will be indifferent, or even actively resentful.;Irving Babbitt;happiness
An act of goodness is of itself an act of happiness. No reward coming after the event can compare with the sweet reward that went with it.;Maurice Maeterlinck;happiness
People truly reaching across boundaries - be they religious or race, political or geographic. A state that is sincerely civil and respectful of each individual's pathway toward life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness will be our goal.;Jon Huntsman, Jr.;happiness
God's children and their happiness are my reasons for being.;Red Skelton;happiness
Happiness in the present is only shattered by comparison with the past.;Douglas Horton;happiness
Happiness is a sunbeam which may pass through a thousand bosoms without losing a particle of its original ray nay, when it strikes on a kindred heart, like the converged light on a mirror, it reflects itself with redoubled brightness. It is not perfected till it is shared.;Jane Porter;happiness
In theory there is a possibility of perfect happiness: To believe in the indestructible element within one, and not to strive towards it.;Franz Kafka;happiness
I really love being alive. I love my family and my work. I love the opportunity I have to do things. That's what happiness is.;Michael J. Fox;happiness
Happiness is a monstrosity! Punished are those who seek it.;Gustave Flaubert;happiness
Happiness is a very small desk and a very big wastebasket.;Robert Orben;happiness
Everyone has their own way of expressing happiness.;Shahrukh Khan;happiness
My faith helps me understand that circumstances don't dictate my happiness, my inner peace.;Denzel Washington;happiness
If thou be industrious to procure wealth, be generous in the disposal of it. Man never is so happy as when he giveth happiness unto another.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;happiness
What ever our wandering our happiness will always be found within a narrow compass, and in the middle of the objects more immediately within our reach.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;happiness
There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness.;Maria Mitchell;happiness
Today, we stand as a united country and are much closer to the ideals set forth in our Constitution that all men are created equal that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.;Jim Ryun;happiness
Offspring, the due performance on religious rites, faithful service, highest conjugal happiness and heavenly bliss for the ancestors and oneself, depend on one's wife alone.;Guru Nanak;happiness
Objects we ardently pursue bring little happiness when gained most of our pleasures come from unexpected sources.;Herbert Spencer;happiness
For this generation, ours, life is nuclear survival, liberty is human rights, the pursuit of happiness is a planet whose resources are devoted to the physical and spiritual nourishment of its inhabitants.;Jimmy Carter;happiness
Happiness is dependent on self-discipline. We are the biggest obstacles to our own happiness. It is much easier to do battle with society and with others than to fight our own nature.;Dennis Prager;happiness
The will of man is his happiness.;Friedrich Schiller;happiness
The Constitution guarantees us our rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That's all. It doesn't guarantee our rights to charity.;Jesse Ventura;happiness
Life is to be fortified by many friendships. To love and to be loved is the greatest happiness of existence.;Sydney Smith;happiness
Everyone needs a certain amount of money. Beyond that, we pursue money because we know how to obtain it. We don't necessarily know how to obtain happiness.;Gregg Easterbrook;happiness
I've never felt like I was in the cookie business. I've always been in a feel good feeling business. My job is to sell joy. My job is to sell happiness. My job is to sell an experience.;Debbi Fields;happiness
This happiness consisted of nothing else but the harmony of the few things around me with my own existence, a feeling of contentment and well-being that needed no changes and no intensification.;Herman Hesse;happiness
The happiness of the creature consists in rejoicing in God, by which also God is magnified and exalted.;Jonathan Edwards;happiness
The said truth is that it is the greatest happiness of the greatest number that is the measure of right and wrong.;Jeremy Bentham;happiness
Happiness, contentment, the health and growth of the soul, depend, as men have proved over and over again, upon some simple issue, some single turning of the soul.;George A. Smith;happiness
Derive happiness in oneself from a good day's work, from illuminating the fog that surrounds us.;Henri Matisse;happiness
There are as many kinds of beauty as there are habitual ways of seeking happiness.;Charles Baudelaire;happiness
Happiness... consists in giving, and in serving others.;Henry Drummond;happiness
Off with you! You're a happy fellow, for you'll give happiness and joy to many other people. There is nothing better or greater than that!;Ludwig van Beethoven;happiness
There can be no happiness if the things we believe in are different from the things we do.;Freya Stark;happiness
You get to a certain age where you prepare yourself for happiness. Sometimes you never remember to actually get happy.;John Mayer;happiness
Sorrow happens, hardship happens, the hell with it, who never knew the price of happiness, will not be happy.;Yevgeny Yevtushenko;happiness
Happiness is working with Jack Lemmon.;Billy Wilder;happiness
Happiness is spiritual, born of truth and love. It is unselfish therefore it cannot exist alone, but requires all mankind to share it.;Mary Baker Eddy;happiness
When you relinquish the desire to control your future, you can have more happiness.;Nicole Kidman;happiness
Happiness is understanding that friendship is more precious than mere things, more precious than getting your own way, more precious than being in situations where true principles are not at stake.;J. Donald Walters;happiness
It is one of my sources of happiness never to desire a knowledge of other people's business.;Dolley Madison;happiness
The British do not expect happiness. I had the impression, all the time that I lived there, that they do not want to be happy they want to be right.;Quentin Crisp;happiness
Values are principles and ideas that bring meaning to the seemingly mundane experience of life. A meaningful life that ultimately brings happiness and pride requires you to respond to temptations as well as challenges with honor, dignity, and courage.;Laura Schlessinger;happiness
From their teenage years on, children are considerably more capable of causing parents unhappiness than bringing them happiness. That is one reason parents who rely on their children for happiness make both their children and themselves miserable.;Dennis Prager;happiness
But happiness is no respecter of persons.;Stephen Fry;happiness
He who avoids complaint invites happiness.;Abu Bakr;happiness
Happiness and peace will come to earth only as the light of love and human compassion enter the souls of men.;David O. McKay;happiness
The ultimate end of human acts is eudaimonia, happiness in the sense of living well, which all men desire all acts are but different means chosen to arrive at it.;Hannah Arendt;happiness
I always seem to have a vague feeling that he is a Satan among musicians, a fallen angel in the darkness who is perpetually seeking to fight his way back to happiness.;Havelock Ellis;happiness
But what is after all the happiness of mere power? There is a greater happiness possible than to be lord of heaven and earth that is the happiness of being truly loved.;Lafcadio Hearn;happiness
Since every man desires happiness, it is evidently no small matter whether he conceives of happiness in terms of work or of enjoyment.;Irving Babbitt;happiness
The office of government is not to confer happiness, but to give men the opportunity to work out happiness for themselves.;William Ellery Channing;happiness
What can be added to the happiness of a man who is in health, out of debt, and has a clear conscience?;Adam Smith;happiness
Ultimately, all human activities have as their goal the realization of happiness. Why, then, have we ended up producing the opposite result? Could the underlying cause be our failure to correctly understand the true nature of happiness?;Daisaku Ikeda;happiness
I can be forced to live without happiness, but I will never consent to live without honor.;Pierre Corneille;happiness
Money, if it does not bring you happiness, will at least help you be miserable in comfort.;Helen Gurley Brown;happiness
It's enough to indulge and to be selfish but true happiness is really when you start giving back.;Adrian Grenier;happiness
There is no happiness in having or in getting, but only in giving.;Henry Drummond;happiness
Happiness is no respecter of persons.;Stephen Fry;happiness
To be able to throw one's self away for the sake of a moment, to be able to sacrifice years for a woman's smile - that is happiness.;Hermann Hesse;happiness
I don't know the true meaning of happiness.;Jonathan Davis;happiness
Those who won our independence... valued liberty as an end and as a means. They believed liberty to be the secret of happiness and courage to be the secret of liberty.;Louis D. Brandeis;happiness
Maturity - among other things, the unclouded happiness of the child at play, who takes it for granted that he is at one with his play-mates.;Dag Hammarskjold;happiness
No one is guaranteed happiness. You can pursue it, but if you happen to find success along the way on that road to happiness, Conservatives believe you should not be demonized or penalized for it.;Glenn Beck;happiness
Happiness comes when we test our skills towards some meaningful purpose.;John Stossel;happiness
When a small child, I thought that success spelled happiness. I was wrong, happiness is like a butterfly which appears and delights us for one brief moment, but soon flits away.;Anna Pavlova;happiness
Happiness isn't happiness unless there's a violin-playing goat.;Julia Roberts;happiness
I certainly wasn't happy. Happiness has to do with reason, and only reason earns it. What I was given was the thing you can't earn, and can't keep, and often don't even recognize at the time I mean joy.;Ursula K. Le Guin;happiness
Happiness is perfume, you can't pour it on somebody else without getting a few drops on yourself.;James Van Der Zee;happiness
I have often met with happiness after some imprudent step which ought to have brought ruin upon me, and although passing a vote of censure upon myself I would thank God for his mercy.;Giacomo Casanova;happiness
Try to make at least one person happy every day. If you cannot do a kind deed, speak a kind word. If you cannot speak a kind word, think a kind thought. Count up, if you can, the treasure of happiness that you would dispense in a week, in a year, in a lifetime!;Lawrence G. Lovasik;happiness
I don't understand why Europeans and South Americans can take more sophistication. Why is it that Americans need to hear their happiness major and their tragedy minor, and as jazzy as they can handle is a seventh chord? Are they not experiencing complex emotions?;Joni Mitchell;happiness
The art of living does not consist in preserving and clinging to a particular mode of happiness, but in allowing happiness to change its form without being disappointed by the change happiness, like a child, must be allowed to grow up.;Charles Morgan;happiness
The ultimate end of education is happiness or a good human life, a life enriched by the possession of every kind of good, by the enjoyment of every type of satisfaction.;Mortimer Adler;happiness
There is no fulfillment in things whatsoever. And I think one of the reasons that depression reigns supreme amongst the rich and famous is some of them thought that maybe those things would bring them happiness. But what, in fact, does is having a cause, having a passion. And that's really what gives life's true meaning.;Benjamin Carson;happiness
We've got people looking at our seamy side and our sad side a lot of the time because that's easier. It's much more difficult to make a film about happiness with lots of jokes in it.;Emma Thompson;happiness
The most exciting happiness is the happiness generated by forces beyond your control.;Ogden Nash;happiness
Happiness is the longing for repetition.;Milan Kundera;happiness
The Bluebird of Happiness long absent from his life, Ned is visited by the Chicken of Depression.;Gary Larson;happiness
