I'm kind of a good girl - and I'm not. I'm a good girl because I really believe in love, integrity, and respect. I'm a bad girl because I like to tease. I know that I have sex appeal in my deck of cards. But I like to get people thinking. That's what the stories in my music do.;Katy Perry;good
In order to acquire a growing and lasting respect in society, it is a good thing, if you possess great talent, to give, early in your youth, a very hard kick to the right shin of the society that you love. After that, be a snob.;Salvador Dali;good
Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy.;Guillaume Apollinaire;good
I've learnt that through life you just get on with it. You're going to meet a lot of dishonest people along the line and you say good luck to them. I hope they live in comfort. Then I start sticking more pins in their effigies.;Roger Moore;good
Suspicion is the companion of mean souls, and the bane of all good society.;Thomas Paine;good
Well, for us, in history where goodness is a rare pearl, he who was good almost takes precedence over he who was great.;Victor Hugo;good
Manners is the key thing. Say, for instance, when you're growing up, you're walking down the street, you've got to tell everybody good morning. Everybody. You can't pass one person.;Usain Bolt;good
Good writing is like a windowpane.;George Orwell;good
The Jews don't like Farrakhan, so they call me Hitler. Well, that's a good name. Hitler was a very great man.;Louis Farrakhan;good
I'm not in the leftist controlled Rock and Roll Hall of Fame because of my political views, primarily my lifelong militant support of the NRA, the Second Amendment, and my belief that the only good bad guy is a dead bad guy.;Ted Nugent;good
A good novel tells us the truth about its hero but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;good
We are justified in enforcing good morals, for they belong to all mankind but we are not justified in enforcing good manners, for good manners always mean our own manners.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;good
I have the responsibility of over four million people, and I am in a position to do good, to be able to bring about a new life for my people, and I will continue to move in that direction. It's a burden, but it needs to be done, and you have to have the courage and wisdom to see it through.;King Abdullah II;good
Yet, taught by time, my heart has learned to glow for other's good, and melt at other's woe.;Homer;good
A whopping 89 percent of buyers start their home search online. How your house looks online is the modern equivalent of 'curb appeal.' Rent a wide-angle lens and good lighting, get rid of your clutter and post at least eight great photos to win the beauty contest.;Barbara Corcoran;good
The good things of prosperity are to be wished but the good things that belong to adversity are to be admired.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;good
A good photographer can make you look incredible, even when you're not feeling very sexy.;Cindy Margolis;good
Riding a motorcycle on today's highways, you have to ride in a very defensive manner. You have to be a good rider and you have to have both hands and both feet on the controls at all times.;Evel Knievel;good
The reason this country continues its drift toward socialism and big nanny government is because too many people vote in the expectation of getting something for nothing, not because they have a concern for what is good for the country.;Lyn Nofziger;good
Real firmness is good for anything strut is good for nothing.;Alexander Hamilton;good
A bland smile is like a green light at an intersection, it feels good when you get one, but you forget it the moment you're past it.;Doug Coupland;good
The problem with having a sense of humor is often that people you use it on aren't in a very good mood.;Lou Holtz;good
If you want that good feeling that comes from doing things for other folks then you have to pay for it in abuse and misunderstanding.;Zora Neale Hurston;good
What does kissing really mean to me? To me, if you feel, when you kiss a girl, that certain feeling of all those dolphins, like, swimming through your blood stream, and you get those good tingles inside your stomach, I don't think there's any better feeling.;Corey Haim;good
To understand me, you have to meet me and be around me. And then only if I'm in a good mood - don't meet me in a bad mood.;Avril Lavigne;good
I used to be a real prince charming if I went on a date with a girl. But then I'd get to where I was likely to have a stroke from the stress of keeping up my act. I've since learned the key to a good date is to pay attention on her.;Matthew Perry;good
Some people thought we were presenting Archie as a false character. President Nixon thought we were making a fool out of a good man.;Carroll O'Connor;good
Under all speech that is good for anything there lies a silence that is better, Silence is deep as Eternity speech is shallow as Time.;Thomas Carlyle;good
The work an unknown good man has done is like a vein of water flowing hidden underground, secretly making the ground green.;Thomas Carlyle;good
When we are well, we all have good advice for those who are ill.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;good
I've turned down jobs because I've said, 'Honestly, I can't find my way in. I can't do it. I love you, as a director. I think the script is good. You deserve better than I think I can do.';David Duchovny;good
I've had extraordinary good luck with my health, other than a broken elbow.;Hillary Clinton;good
Good judgment comes from experience and experience comes from bad judgment.;Fred Brooks;good
You can only be as good as you dare to be bad.;John Barrymore;good
The only freedom which deserves the name is that of pursuing our own good, in our own way, so long as we do not attempt to deprive others of theirs, or impede their efforts to obtain it.;John Stuart Mill;good
Why do I not seek some real good one which I could feel, not one which I could display?;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;good
Every book you pick up has its own lesson or lessons, and quite often the bad books have more to teach than the good ones.;Stephen King;good
What is life? A madness. What is life? An illusion, a shadow, a story. And the greatest good is little enough for all life is a dream, and dreams themselves are only dreams.;Pedro Calderon de la Barca;good
One of the key problems today is that politics is such a disgrace, good people don't go into government.;Donald Trump;good
To have ego means to believe in your own strength. And to also be open to other people's views. It is to be open, not closed. So, yes, my ego is big, but it's also very small in some areas. My ego is responsible for my doing what I do - bad or good.;Barbra Streisand;good
The only good luck many great men ever had was being born with the ability and determination to overcome bad luck.;Channing Pollock;good
A play should give you something to think about. When I see a play and understand it the first time, then I know it can't be much good.;T. S. Eliot;good
It's not vanity to feel you have a right to be beautiful. Women are taught to feel we're not good enough, that we must live up to someone else's standards. But my aim is to cherish myself as I am.;Elle Macpherson;good
I hope I am remembered by my children as a good father.;Orson Scott Card;good
To say that a work of art is good, but incomprehensible to the majority of men, is the same as saying of some kind of food that it is very good but that most people can't eat it.;Leo Tolstoy;good
Greek philosophy seems to have met with something with which a good tragedy is not supposed to meet, namely, a dull ending.;Karl Marx;good
It is practically impossible to teach good programming to students that have had a prior exposure to BASIC: as potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration.;Edsger Dijkstra;good
Clever men are good, but they are not the best.;Thomas Carlyle;good
For all right judgment of any man or things it is useful, nay, essential, to see his good qualities before pronouncing on his bad.;Thomas Carlyle;good
Nothing that you do will ever feel good if you let people convince you that you have no choice.;Fiona Apple;good
Good breeding differs, if at all, from high breeding only as it gracefully remembers the rights of others, rather than gracefully insists on its own rights.;Thomas Carlyle;good
You have to have been a Republican to know how good it is to be a Democrat.;Jackie Kennedy;good
I'm delirious with joy. It proves that if you confront the universe with good intentions in your heart, it will reflect that and reward your intent. Usually. It just doesn't always do it in the way you expect.;J. Michael Straczynski;good
I've run into some S.O.B. directors, but I gave them back as good as I got.;Carroll O'Connor;good
What I dream of is an art of balance, of purity and serenity devoid of troubling or depressing subject matter - a soothing, calming influence on the mind, rather like a good armchair which provides relaxation from physical fatigue.;Henri Matisse;good
The bad fortune of the good turns their faces up to heaven the good fortune of the bad bows their heads down to the earth.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;good
Of all the home remedies, a good wife is best.;Kin Hubbard;good
Being stubborn can be a good thing. Being stubborn can be a bad thing. It just depends on how you use it.;Willie Aames;good
Everywhere I go, I'm asked if I think the universities stifle writers. My opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them. There's many a best seller that could have been prevented by a good teacher.;Flannery O'Connor;good
You could write a song about some kind of emotional problem you are having, but it would not be a good song, in my eyes, until it went through a period of sensitivity to a moment of clarity. Without that moment of clarity to contribute to the song, it's just complaining.;Joni Mitchell;good
I am poor and naked, but I am the chief of the nation. We do not want riches but we do want to train our children right. Riches would do us no good. We could not take them with us to the other world. We do not want riches. We want peace and love.;Red Cloud;good
On the Continent people have good food in England people have good table manners.;George Mikes;good
War is war. The only good human being is a dead one.;George Orwell;good
I was never one to patiently pick up broken fragments and glue them together again and tell myself that the mended whole was as good as new. What is broken is broken - and I'd rather remember it as it was at its best than mend it and see the broken places as long as I lived.;Margaret Mitchell;good
She generally gave herself very good advice, (though she very seldom followed it).;Lewis Carroll;good
A Buddha is someone who finds freedom in good fortune and bad.;Bodhidharma;good
Fresh air is good if you do not take too much of it most of the achievements and pleasures of life are in bad air.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;good
Active Evil is better than Passive Good.;William Blake;good
Always do good to others. Be selfless. Mentally remove everything and be free. This is divine life. This is the direct way to Moksha or salvation.;Swami Sivananda;good
To speak ill of others is a dishonest way of praising ourselves. Nothing is often a good thing to say, and always a clever thing to say.;Will Durant;good
I used to play sports. Then I realized you can buy trophies. Now I am good at everything.;Demetri Martin;good
Where would you be without friends? The people to pick you up when you need lifting? We come from homes far from perfect, so you end up almost parent and sibling to your friends - your own chosen family. There's nothing like a really loyal, dependable, good friend. Nothing.;Jennifer Aniston;good
Hope is a state of mind, not of the world. Hope, in this deep and powerful sense, is not the same as joy that things are going well, or willingness to invest in enterprises that are obviously heading for success, but rather an ability to work for something because it is good.;Vaclav Havel;good
I like a man who can be a real friend, has a good sense of humor, a good pair of shoes and a healthy gold card.;Victoria Beckham;good
The less we deserve good fortune, the more we hope for it.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;good
As a real person, he wouldn't last a minute, would he? But drama is about imperfection. And we've moved away from the aspirational hero. We got tired of it, it was dull. If I was House's friend, I would hate it. How he so resolutely refuses to be happy or take the kind-hearted road. But we don't always like morally good people, do we?;Hugh Laurie;good
He that does good to another does good also to himself.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;good
Ladies, if you want to know the way to my heart... good spelling and good grammar, good punctuation, capitalize only where you are supposed to capitalize, it's done.;John Mayer;good
Surplus wealth is a sacred trust which its possessor is bound to administer in his lifetime for the good of the community.;Andrew Carnegie;good
There is as much greatness of mind in acknowledging a good turn, as in doing it.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;good
There is no investment you can make which will pay you so well as the effort to scatter sunshine and good cheer through your establishment.;Orison Swett Marden;good
You have a good many little gifts and virtues, but there is no need of parading them, for conceit spoils the finest genius. There is not much danger that real talent or goodness will be overlooked long, and the great charm of all power is modesty.;Louisa May Alcott;good
Anyone who tells a lie has not a pure heart, and cannot make a good soup.;Ludwig van Beethoven;good
But I can say that life is good to me. Has been and is good. So I think my task is to be good to it. So how do you be good to life? You live it.;Morgan Freeman;good
A man is only as good as what he loves.;Saul Bellow;good
The confession of evil works is the first beginning of good works.;Saint Augustine;good
I want people to remember me as a full on entertainer and a good person.;Aaliyah;good
Sarcasm I now see to be, in general, the language of the devil for which reason I have long since as good as renounced it.;Thomas Carlyle;good
I was considered by my peers to be a good comedian. So that's all I ever strived to do was get some recognition from my peers.;Ron White;good
Marriage is a very good thing, but I think it's a mistake to make a habit out of it.;W. Somerset Maugham;good
I was nine or 10 years old and my father was sacked on Christmas Day. He was a manager, the results had not been good, he lost a game on December 22 or 23. On Christmas Day, the telephone rang and he was sacked in the middle of our lunch.;Jose Mourinho;good
The stories that I want to tell, especially as a director, don't necessarily have a perfect ending because, the older you get, the more you appreciate a good day versus a happy ending. You understand that life continues on the next day the reality of things is what happens tomorrow.;Drew Barrymore;good
There are some good people. But a good chunk of them will lie for no reason at all - it'll be ten o'clock and they'll tell you it's nine. You're looking at the clock and you can't even fathom why they're lying. They just lie because that's what they do.;John Cusack;good
I learnt a whole lot from my mother. About music, relationships, being a good person, loving people, the whole of life. I learnt about everything from her. Every single day I think about her. All through the day.;R. Kelly;good
Buying books would be a good thing if one could also buy the time to read them in: but as a rule the purchase of books is mistaken for the appropriation of their contents.;Arthur Schopenhauer;good
I have never heard anything about the resolutions of the apostles, but a good deal about their acts.;Og Mandino;good
I think sportsmanship is knowing that it is a game, that we are only as a good as our opponents, and whether you win or lose, to always give 100 percent.;Sue Wicks;good
Well, real estate is always good, as far as I'm concerned.;Donald Trump;good
You don't appreciate a lot of stuff in school until you get older. Little things like being spanked every day by a middle-aged woman: Stuff you pay good money for in later life.;Emo Philips;good
