Science is for those who learn, poetry is for those who know.;Joseph Roux;science
I've started a company, called Tall Girl Productions, and we've got our first project that is purely producing, not writing, with a writer named Evan Daugherty. It's for NBC, it's called 'Afterthought,' and it's science fiction-ish. That's fun.;Melissa Rosenberg;science
This is actually a very important principle that science is learning about large systems like evolution and that futurists are learning about anticipating human society: just because a future scenario is plausible doesn't mean we can get there from here.;Kevin Kelly;science
The rise of Google, the rise of Facebook, the rise of Apple, I think are proof that there is a place for computer science as something that solves problems that people face every day.;Eric Schmidt;science
A second reason why science cannot replace judgement is the behavior of financial markets.;Martin Feldstein;science
I cannot say how strongly I object to people using other people's writing as research. Research is non-fiction, especially for horror, fantasy, science fiction. Do not take your research from other people's fiction. Just don't.;Laurell K. Hamilton;science
If Margaret Thatcher took climate change seriously and believed that we should take action to reduce global greenhouse emissions, then taking action and supporting and accepting the science can hardly be the mark of incipient Bolshevism.;Malcolm Turnbull;science
Science is the highest personification of the nation because that nation will remain the first which carries the furthest the works of thought and intelligence.;Louis Pasteur;science
Christmas renews our youth by stirring our wonder. The capacity for wonder has been called our most pregnant human faculty, for in it are born our art, our science, our religion.;Ralph W. Sockman;science
I began reading science fiction before I was 12 and started writing science fiction around the same time.;Octavia Butler;science
Science fiction let me do both. It let me look into science and stick my nose in everywhere.;Octavia Butler;science
The thing about science fiction is that it's totally wide open. But it's wide open in a conditional way.;Octavia Butler;science
Fantasy is totally wide open all you really have to do is follow the rules you've set. But if you're writing about science, you have to first learn what you're writing about.;Octavia Butler;science
No one was going to stop me from writing and no one had to really guide me towards science fiction. It was natural, really, that I would take that interest.;Octavia Butler;science
So fantasy was fine early on, and when I discovered science fiction, I was very happy with it, because my first interest in science fiction came with an interest in astronomy.;Octavia Butler;science
I was attracted to science fiction because it was so wide open. I was able to do anything and there were no walls to hem you in and there was no human condition that you were stopped from examining.;Octavia Butler;science
I told my father I had to try political science for a year. He thought I was throwing my life away.;Paul Wolfowitz;science
One of the things that ultimately led me to leave mathematics and go into political science was thinking I could prevent nuclear war.;Paul Wolfowitz;science
Science has sometimes been said to be opposed to faith, and inconsistent with it. But all science, in fact, rests on a basis of faith, for it assumes the permanence and uniformity of natural laws - a thing which can never be demonstrated.;Tryon Edwards;science
For a member to say, 'I'm a lame duck' violates political science 101.;Charles Rangel;science
With science fiction there's endless possibilities.;Anna Torv;science
Science fiction is becoming more of a diverse kind of genre.;Anna Torv;science
The science of life is changing hearts and minds.;Gary Bauer;science
In science there is only physics all the rest is stamp collecting.;Lord Kelvin;science
Ah, the creative process is the same secret in science as it is in art. They are all the same absolutely.;Josef Albers;science
We're looking at Earth science, observing our planet. Also space science, looking at the ozone in the atmosphere around our Earth. Also looking at life science. And on a human level, using ourselves as test subjects.;Laurel Clark;science
I decry the current tendency to seek patents on algorithms. There are better ways to earn a living than to prevent other people from making use of one's contributions to computer science.;Donald Knuth;science
People think that computer science is the art of geniuses but the actual reality is the opposite, just many people doing things that build on eachother, like a wall of mini stones.;Donald Knuth;science
I think if I'm going to do a science fiction, I'm going to go down a new path that I want to do.;Ridley Scott;science
Science makes no pretension to eternal truth or absolute truth.;E. T. Bell;science
Science is an integral part of culture. It's not this foreign thing, done by an arcane priesthood. It's one of the glories of the human intellectual tradition.;Stephen Jay Gould;science
I don't think academic writing ever was wonderful. However, science used to be much less specialized.;Stephen Jay Gould;science
Goethe died in 1832. As you know, Goethe was very active in science. In fact, he did some very good scientific work in plant morphology and mineralogy. But he was quite bitter at the way in which many scientists refused to grant him a hearing because he was a poet and therefore, they felt, he couldn't be serious.;Stephen Jay Gould;science
Science is not a heartless pursuit of objective information. It is a creative human activity, its geniuses acting more as artists than as information processors.;Stephen Jay Gould;science
My entry into the environmental arena was through the issue that so dramatically - and destructively - demonstrates the link between science and social action: nuclear weapons.;Barry Commoner;science
The age of innocent faith in science and technology may be over.;Barry Commoner;science
Psychology is the science of the intellects, characters and behavior of animals including man.;Edward Thorndike;science
I didn't invent forensic science and medicine. I just was one of the first people to recognize how interesting it is.;Patricia Cornwell;science
Science is always inquiring.;Thabo Mbeki;science
I felt strongly that since the pursuit of good science was so difficult it was essential that the problem being studied was an important one to justify the effort expanded.;Paul Nurse;science
I have an idealistic view of science as a liberalising and progressive force for humanity.;Paul Nurse;science
I think it was this curiosity about the natural world which awoke my early interest in science.;Paul Nurse;science
Like many students, I found the drudgery of real experiments and the slowness of progress a complete shock, and at my low points I contemplated other alternative careers including study of the philosophy or sociology of science.;Paul Nurse;science
In the spirit of science, there really is no such thing as a 'failed experiment.' Any test that yields valid data is a valid test.;Adam Savage;science
That's the show. it's like 5 minutes of science and then 10 minutes of me hurting myself.;Adam Savage;science
We didn't set out to be educators or even scientists, and we don't purport that what we do is real science but we're demonstrating a methodology by which one can engage and satisfy your curiosity.;Adam Savage;science
Rationalism and Newtonian science has lured us into dark woods, but a new metaphysics can rescue us.;Huston Smith;science
Most modern science fiction went to school on 'Dune.' Even 'Harry Potter' with its 'boy protagonist who has not yet grown into his destiny' shares a common theme. When I read it for the first time, I felt like I had learned another language, mastered a new culture, adopted a new religion.;Gary Ross;science
Fruitful discourse in science or theology requires us to believe that within the contexts of normal discourse there are some true statements.;Kenneth L. Pike;science
I believe very strongly, and have fought since many years ago - at least over 30 years ago - to get architecture not just within schools, but architecture talked about under history, geography, science, technology, art.;Richard Rogers;science
In Poland, my audience is all women between 18 and 30. At U.S. conventions, you have the fantasy and science fiction crowd. At Harvard you have an entirely different audience. It's so schizophrenic.;Jonathan Carroll;science
In teaching man, experimental science results in lessening his pride more and more by proving to him every day that primary causes, like the objective reality of things, will be hidden from him forever and that he can only know relations.;Claude Bernard;science
Experimentation is an active science.;Claude Bernard;science
Science does not permit exceptions.;Claude Bernard;science
The most exciting thing in the twentieth century is science.;John Charles Polanyi;science
Young people ask me if this country is serious about science. They aren't thinking about the passport that they will hold, but the country that they must rely on for support and encouragement.;John Charles Polanyi;science
When, as we must often do, we fear science, we really fear ourselves.;John Charles Polanyi;science
Science never gives up searching for truth, since it never claims to have achieved it.;John Charles Polanyi;science
It is this, at its most basic, that makes science a humane pursuit it acknowledges the commonality of people's experience.;John Charles Polanyi;science
Though neglectful of their responsibility to protect science, scientists are increasingly aware of their responsibility to society.;John Charles Polanyi;science
Science gives us a powerful vocabulary, and it is impossible to produce a vocabulary with which one can only say nice things.;John Charles Polanyi;science
Better to die in the pursuit of civilized values, we believed, than in a flight underground. We were offering a value system couched in the language of science.;John Charles Polanyi;science
Today, Academies of Science use their influence around the world in support of human rights.;John Charles Polanyi;science
The respect for human rights, essential if we are to use technology wisely, is not something alien that must be grafted onto science. On the contrary, it is integral to science, as also to scholarship in general.;John Charles Polanyi;science
For science must breathe the oxygen of freedom.;John Charles Polanyi;science
Science exists, moreover, only as a journey toward troth. Stifle dissent and you end that journey.;John Charles Polanyi;science
While that amendment failed, human cloning continues to advance and the breakthrough in this unethical and morally questionable science is around the corner.;Mike Pence;science
Mothers, unless they were very poor, didn't work. Both of my parents had to leave education. My mother had to work in a cotton mill until 18 or 19, when she took some training in domestic science.;Roger Bannister;science
As a theoretical physicist, I feel at once proud and humble at the thought of the illustrious figures that have preceded me here to receive the greatest of all honors in science, the Nobel prize.;Murray Gell-Mann;science
You know, there was a time, just before I started to study physical science, when astronomers thought that systems such as we have here in the solar system required a rare triple collision of stars.;Murray Gell-Mann;science
Science and vision are not opposites or even at odds. They need each other. I sometimes hear other startup folks say something along the lines of: 'If entrepreneurship was a science, then anyone could do it.' I'd like to point out that even science is a science, and still very few people can do it, let alone do it well.;Eric Ries;science
Except in very narrow cases, where there's breakthrough science that needs patent production, worrying about competitors is a waste of time. If you can't out iterate someone who is trying to copy you, you're toast anyway.;Eric Ries;science
Perfect as the wing of a bird may be, it will never enable the bird to fly if unsupported by the air. Facts are the air of science. Without them a man of science can never rise.;Ivan Pavlov;science
Today's preoccupation with physical theories of everything takes a wrong turn from the purpose of science - to question all things relentlessly. Modern physics has become like Swift's kingdom of Laputa, flying absurdly on an island above the earth and indifferent to what is beneath.;Robert Lanza;science
Amazingly when you add life and consciousness to the equation you can actually explain some of the biggest puzzles of science.;Robert Lanza;science
I think it's science and physics are just starting to learn from all these experiments. These experiments have been carried out hundreds and hundreds of times in all sorts of ways that no physicist really questions the end point. I think that these experiments are very clearly telling us that consciousness is limitless and the ultimate reality.;Robert Lanza;science
Fashion is more about feel than science.;Pharrell Williams;science
In some parts of life, like mathematics and science, yeah, I was a genius. I would top all the top scores you could ever measure it by.;Steve Wozniak;science
Research is of considerable importance in certain fields, such as science and history.;Fred Saberhagen;science
The East Germans first used biomechanics. This meant that rather than guessing about technique and form, they could apply changes to athletic performance based on science.;Bill Toomey;science
To recover a spiritual tradition in which creation, and the study of creation, matters would be to inaugurate new possibilities between spirituality and science that would shape the paradigms for culture, its institution, and its people.;Matthew Fox;science
Invented languages have often been created in tandem with entire invented universes, and most conlangers come to their craft by way of fantasy and science fiction.;Joshua Foer;science
Advances in science and medical research and public health policies have meant that life expectancy for Australians is one of the highest in the world.;Julie Bishop;science
Science fiction encourages us to explore... all the futures, good and bad, that the human mind can envision.;Marion Zimmer Bradley;science
I became kind of a drop-out in science after I came back to America. I wanted to photograph.;Imogen Cunningham;science
You see, I became kind of a drop-out in science after I came back to America.;Imogen Cunningham;science
Politics is the science of urgencies.;Theodore Parker;science
Science is knowledge arranged and classified according to truth, facts, and the general laws of nature.;Luther Burbank;science
Thousands of years ago, humans domesticated every possible large wild mammal species fulfilling all those criteria and worth domesticating, with the result that there have been no valuable additions of domestic animals in recent times, despite the efforts of modern science.;Jared Diamond;science
Tasmanian history is a study of human isolation unprecedented except in science fiction - namely, complete isolation from other humans for 10,000 years.;Jared Diamond;science
We're uncomfortable about considering history as a science. It's classified as a social science, which is considered not quite scientific.;Jared Diamond;science
He that desireth to acquire any art or science seeketh first those means by which that art or science is obtained. If we ought to do so in things natural and earthly, how much more then in spiritual?;Robert Barclay;science
I shopped at J. Crew in high school, I studied computer science. I was a nerd-nerd, now I'm a music-nerd.;Mayer Hawthorne;science
It seems true that the growth of science and secularism made organized Christianity feel under threat.;Mary Douglas;science
Evolutionary naturalism takes the inherent limitations of science and turns them into a devastating philosophical weapon: because science is our only real way of knowing anything, what science cannot know cannot be real.;Phillip E. Johnson;science
There's a new science out called orthomolecular medicine. You correct the chemical imbalance with amino acids and vitamins and minerals that are naturally in the body.;Margot Kidder;science
In general, science journalism concerns itself with what has been published in a handful of peer-reviewed journals - Nature, Cell, The New England Journal of Medicine - which set the agenda.;Michael Pollan;science
The big journals and Nobel laureates are the equivalent of Congressional leaders in science journalism.;Michael Pollan;science
Until politics are a branch of science we shall do well to regard political and social reforms as experiments rather than short-cuts to the millennium.;John B. S. Haldane;science
