I don't know really. I've always been interested in the small picture instead of the big one, and I've always been interested in relationship pictures.;Adrian Lyne;relationship
You know what's funny is that I have this ongoing relationship with the city of Washington D.C. I went to George Washington University, and my nickname was K-Dub - based on G-Dub - and I'm now on the board of trustees at George Washington University.;Kerry Washington;relationship
It's interesting now that basically a CG set is the same cost as a real set. So like if you're going to build a CG house in the suburbs, it costs you $200,000. And if you were going to build it in a computer, it'll cost you $200,000. It's the same... the relationship is exactly the same.;Zack Snyder;relationship
Money creates a power relationship between the payer and the payee.;Joichi Ito;relationship
No one leaves a long-term relationship scot-free or without conflict.;Susie Orbach;relationship
A relationship is hard in and of itself. And having kids is really hard work, but I think it's really meaningful, as is a relationship. But they all take work.;Joan Cusack;relationship
It can have a secular purpose and have a relationship to God because God was presumed to be both over the state and the church, and separation of church and state was never meant to separate God from government.;Roy Moore;relationship
The relationship between the media owner, their relationship isn't strictly with people and audiences. It's also with advertisers, and that's the most relationship in radio in fact it pays the bills.;Robert McChesney;relationship
Yes, I think it's really important to acknowledge that Dr. King, precisely at the moment of his assassination, was re-conceptualizing the civil rights movement and moving toward a sort of coalitional relationship with the trade union movement.;Angela Davis;relationship
Religion is man's attempt to bind himself back to a relationship with God.;Victoria Jackson;relationship
So if I was dating somebody now and the relationship didn't work out, I'd take that as failing.;Gavin DeGraw;relationship
I do not want a personal relationship with my fans. Or to do anything that encourages them to think they have one with me. They can have a personal relationship with my songs. That's fine, but they don't know me.;Will Oldham;relationship
I've seen it too many times in Hollywood. Talking about a relationship in public can jinx it. And if you have your picture taken together, you might as well start packing your bags.;Gina Gershon;relationship
Well, I don't think just because people are in a relationship that they're happy. I don't think relationships necessarily make people happy. You just are happy or you're not happy.;Lisa Edelstein;relationship
When Luke and Laura dated in 'General Hospital' when I was a kid, I was very excited. And that was a rather pathetic relationship if you break it down because let's face it: he raped her... and then they got married. There's all kinds of things that TV does to relationships.;Lisa Edelstein;relationship
Two things I take very seriously in life. My golf game and my relationship with God. Neither one is simple.;Cheryl Ladd;relationship
It's something that was very interesting to me to be a part of and all of them again because of the relationship. Some of the superhero movies are better than others.;Blair Underwood;relationship
Creatively, I thought we were still viable and could do more records. But our working relationship just wasn't happening at all, and our chemistry as people broke down because of that.;Matt Cameron;relationship
Every relationship that we have in our lives - our contact with each person, place, and event - serves a very special, if yet to be realized purpose: They are mirrors that can serve to show us things about ourselves that can be realized in no other way.;Guy Finley;relationship
I was actually a bit disappointed about the amount of sex in the show. I think Backus should get out a bit more, get a relationship, perhaps make her a lesbian.;Lexa Doig;relationship
I know for me the subject of how to be in a relationship is precious and complicated and challenging.;Helen Hunt;relationship
My dad taught me true words you have to use in every relationship. Yes, baby.;Star Jones;relationship
A lot of people seem to want to make the institution of marriage substitute for a real relationship.;Susan Faludi;relationship
Well, I don't know if this is true of everyone, but I have this relationship with my parents where, despite however mature or articulate or grown-up I think I've become, as soon as I go home, I turn into this petulant 13-year-old, especially with the tone of my voice.;Jenna Fischer;relationship
How do you build a relationship when you've hardly shared a word but suddenly share a child? How do you love a daughter you don't see for nearly two years? When does she become your daughter? How does she become your daughter?;Boris Becker;relationship
First of all, returning from motherhood, I was looking for something lighter, and I wasn't as much attracted to Kate as I was to the relationship between the two people.;Tea Leoni;relationship
My husband. He keeps me grounded. If I were in the world on my own, it would all be much more seductive. But I'm in a relationship that has nothing to do with the film world.;Emily Watson;relationship
My character Lena is somebody who responds to people in a very simple way. I didn't have to take myself off to a darkened room to concentrate, I just had to try and be open. It's an interesting, subtle relationship.;Emily Watson;relationship
Women have demanded and gotten better jobs and more power. But the one thing we deserve is a better relationship with ourselves.;Ann Curry;relationship
First and foremost I am a commercial writer, and I hope to entertain people. But having said that, I'm in love with the relationship between humans and dogs, and the more I learned about what our military working dogs are doing, I wanted to at least share with people what an important role these animals have in all our lives.;Robert Crais;relationship
The relationship between a military working dog and a military dog handler is about as close as a man and a dog can become. You see this loyalty, the devotion, unlike any other and the protectiveness.;Robert Crais;relationship
Everything Sholom Aleichem talks about in his plays and his short stories is about people, family, man's relationship with his God, the breaking down of tradition.;Norman Jewison;relationship
I hope I presented what I felt the woman seemed to be about, but I couldn't give any reason as to why she remained in the relationship other than that their relationship was very special.;Jenny Agutter;relationship
In our relationship, we don't have that situation. I don't require what he needs, and he doesn't require what I need. I know what I do I have an amazing life that nobody knows about.;John Oates;relationship
But in Japanese, there's actually not much of a relationship between the music and the words.;Utada Hikaru;relationship
Mom was the one who taught me unconditional love. With Dad, I'd always felt there was something to live up to - expectations. But in the last year, we had a wonderful relationship.;Greg Louganis;relationship
My relationship with the Philharmonia Orchestra brought me many times to London and I will always reflect positively on that early period of development with them - their patience, their warmth, their dedication.;Gustavo Dudamel;relationship
I did make some not-so-great relationship decisions when I was a lot younger. I do know that not all high school boys are great and wonderful and Prince Charming, and there are a few that are going to treat you that way.;Jodi Lyn O'Keefe;relationship
For decades, Japan has been a friend and reliable trading partner with the United States, and I anticipate that relationship will prosper.;Jim Costa;relationship
A relationship is like another job, you know, you have to work at it all the time.;Candice Swanepoel;relationship
If a relationship is founded on love it doesn't end.;Rosanne Cash;relationship
The relationship of black Americans to Obama is sociologically riveting.;Andrew Sullivan;relationship
Corporations invest in sophisticated CRM, or Customer Relationship Management, programs to effectively oversee their relationship with their customers at every point during the buying process.;Marc Ostrofsky;relationship
I've thought about it, not a lot, but I thought my relationship with Congress - the Democrats and Republicans - would help me get some things done. Not everything, but at least they'd be willing to try.;Bob Dole;relationship
There is a relationship between cartooning and people like Mir= and Picasso which may not be understood by the cartoonist, but it definitely is related even in the early Disney.;Roy Lichtenstein;relationship
The first and most important is to emphasize the enduring nature of the alliance relationship particularly with Europe which does share our values and interests even if it disagrees with us on specific policies.;Zbigniew Brzezinski;relationship
I told my father to stop smoking around the age of two or three years old and he stopped smoking. So the relationship between the kid and the parent is very powerful, and if you give the kid the right information, it can be very useful to the family.;Doug E. Fresh;relationship
You can't have a relationship when you're shooting a 14-hour day and your husband is shooting a 14-hour day in the same city. It's a time thing and it's a together thing.;Eva Longoria;relationship
The U.S. - E.U. economic relationship dwarfs America's economic ties with China.;John Bruton;relationship
I took the fear of marriage from my parents' relationship, because I didn't want to end up in a relationship like that, whereas my brothers and sisters learnt a lesson from it and made sure they didn't carry it on into their own marriages.;John Mahoney;relationship
This relationship is going to be built on trust.;Marla Maples;relationship
What was a really private and nice relationship was judged and made to be something ugly.;Marla Maples;relationship
But mostly, it's a book about my relationship with my father.;Alison Bechdel;relationship
I think a primal role of a man in a relationship is to protect his woman.;Armie Hammer;relationship
It's not that, you know, when a relationship doesn't work and there are issues, you have to somehow work it out if there are children involved.;Priscilla Presley;relationship
I lived to play basketball. Growing up as a kid, Bill Russell and the Boston Celtics were my favorite team. The way they played, the teamwork, the sacrifice, the commitment, the joy, the camaraderie, the relationship with the fans.;Bill Walton;relationship
I have a very bad relationship with mice.;Casey Affleck;relationship
When I meet the right girl I'll definitely have no hesitations to a relationship.;Lee DeWyze;relationship
I have a very close relationship with my mom, and I'm able to talk to her about anything.;Jessica Szohr;relationship
If you're lucky like me, your relationship with your brother has resolved itself on the peaceful side of the fence and has stayed there. But if you're someone who's got a family that's all fractured and finding it hard to relate, that's a very sad place to be.;Tom Hardy;relationship
Our relationship with Mexico in this regard is unique for us, and in many respects unique in the world.;Samuel P. Huntington;relationship
Building a good, stable, and productive China-U.S. relationship is in our mutual interest of our two countries and our two peoples, and also contributes to peace and development.;Hu Jintao;relationship
Since the beginning of the 21st century, thanks to the concerted efforts of both sides, China-U.S. relationship has on the whole enjoyed steady growth. Since President Obama took office, we have maintained close contact through exchange of visits, meetings, telephone conversations and letters.;Hu Jintao;relationship
When I was confronted with official tuition, the academic thing, I could see no relationship whatever between that and the music I'd been writing since I was 11.;Harrison Birtwistle;relationship
Writing is my obsession, my passion. My relationship with it is one of the most complex and agonizing and richly vexing that I have in my life.;Julianna Baggott;relationship
It is difficult to imagine how any behavior in the presence of another person can avoid being a communication of one's own view of the nature of one's relationship with that person and how it can fail to influence that person.;Paul Watzlawick;relationship
Till now I have never shot a scene without taking account of what stands behind the actors because the relationship between people and their surroundings is of prime importance.;Michelangelo Antonioni;relationship
Relationship movies are often made for a female audience.;Roman Coppola;relationship
Having had that experience... I think, what modern culture wants to see is the relationship with the woman. I don't think you can tell a story on film nowadays where the woman simply is there for the man when he decides to settle down.;Tom Selleck;relationship
I've got a new relationship and I'm trapped in this old life.;Moon Unit Zappa;relationship
There's an ethic that says: 'You don't run off to the church for the sacraments of salvation, you establish a personal relationship with God. You don't run off to the courts for justice, you settle it yourself. You don't run off to labor unions to sort out your work relations, you can take this job and shove it if you don't like what you're doing.';John Shelton Reed;relationship
We were in a relationship for eight years, and we maybe saw each other, total, for a year.;Izabella Scorupco;relationship
All true meaning resides in the personal relationship to a phenomenon, what it means to you.;Christopher McCandless;relationship
So I developed very early a massive inferiority complex, and I've told the story often about how that inspired me later in life to get involved in other things, because I couldn't out-do my brothers in sports, and it's a very competitive relationship.;George J. Mitchell;relationship
Well, my relationship to America at the time I left was very limited.;Harry Mathews;relationship
In England, it's a rare thing to see a player smoking but, all in all, I prefer that to an alcoholic. The relationship with alcohol is a real problem in English football and, in the short term, it's much more harmful to a sportsman. It weakens the body, which becomes more susceptible to injury.;Alex Ferguson;relationship
I've always gone out with much younger guys. But I rushed into relationships before really getting to know the person. What would come up as a warning sign within the first two weeks of dating would usually be the exact reason the relationship would end!;Carrie Ann Inaba;relationship
Quentin and I were constantly finding something new that we had in common and comic books were one of them. I think we were talking about comic books much earlier in our relationship, before I had the part.;David Carradine;relationship
Certainly the experiences of Seth and his relationship to his parents and his point of view of the world are very similar to my own and very much based on my experiences at the University of Southern California.;Josh Schwartz;relationship
Nah, I've always had a great relationship with my two brothers, I have always had their support in my football and in everything. They've been very close to me and we have a great relationship.;Lionel Messi;relationship
You'll be dedicated and that's what you should want to be in anything in life - whether it's sports or academics or your relationship. It all stems from finding that fun, that thrill, that excitement.;Brandi Chastain;relationship
The value of government to the people it serves is in direct relationship to the interest citizens themselves display in the affairs of state.;William Scranton;relationship
The relationship of the two problems is rather the reverse. To a great extent disarmament is dependent on guarantees of peace. Security comes first and disarmament second.;Ludwig Quidde;relationship
It's grown into a personal relationship, yeah. I'm crazy about Jerry. I think he's a unique character.;Jon Voight;relationship
You've got to honor your relationship with your audience - that they sit down because they want to be entertained. And that doesn't mean you can't provoke them and antagonize them and challenge them in the course of the entertainment as long as you keep the entertainment part of the equation alive.;David E. Kelley;relationship
But it's much more exciting to make Die Hard. One of the reasons that I think that movie is so successful is it deals with those very important blue-collar relationship themes. But it's more visually beautiful to show things blowing up. It just gives you more on the screen.;Penn Jillette;relationship
What I would say about Barney Eastwood is that when our relationship worked, it worked extremely well. He had a lot of strengths as a promoter and a manager.;Barry McGuigan;relationship
I always felt sorry for the sidekick as a kid. They never got their due and it left a very bad taste in the mouth - they are defined by a subordinate relationship to someone else. I always felt like a bit of sidekick when I was a kid and it didn't feel fair.;China Mieville;relationship
I have a beautiful son, I don't regret it, I'm very proud of the way that we handle our relationship and the way that we keep our son first and that's our priority.;Nia Long;relationship
The key to successful missionary work is a close relationship between the missionaries and the members. Creating an environment in working with members that will bring more into the Church.;Richard G. Scott;relationship
If you have parents with a healthy relationship, you don't learn that you don't have to be married. I thought being a healthy adult meant you had to have a spouse. I didn't know any different.;Alyssa Milano;relationship
A Bush Administration will, I believe, enjoy a better relationship with the new Congress, although President-elect Bush will be faced with real challenges in getting along with the Congress.;Richard V. Allen;relationship
It's developing a relationship with actors that makes it work.;Richard Donner;relationship
It was not a healthy marriage for long time. It was never about another man, it was about what my and Dennis's relationship could not sustain.;Meg Ryan;relationship
But the relationship of morality and power is a very subtle one. Because ultimately power without morality is no longer power.;James Baldwin;relationship
In a relationship when things are really great you don't need to say anything and just enjoy the other person. Sometimes with a couple, it gets dark and you don't know what to say and that silence can last all day. Other times you don't want to stop talking because you don't want to lose one another.;Anton Yelchin;relationship
Every relationship I've been in becomes long-distance because of work. It's never worked out. It puts an intense strain on the relationship, and at a certain point, it becomes too difficult.;Anton Yelchin;relationship
For me to stay healthy in a relationship, the individuals have to nurture themselves.;Anne Heche;relationship
Whether you're keeping a journal or writing as a meditation, it's the same thing. What's important is you're having a relationship with your mind.;Natalie Goldberg;relationship
