The children have been a wonderful gift to me, and I'm thankful to have once again seen our world through their eyes. They restore my faith in the family's future.;Jackie Kennedy;future
Neither a wise man nor a brave man lies down on the tracks of history to wait for the train of the future to run over him.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;future
Instead of just giving lip service to improving our schools, I will actually put the kids first and the teachers union behind in giving our kids better teachers, better options and better choices for a better future.;Mitt Romney;future
The American people I talk to don't spend every moment thinking, 'How can I tax my neighbor more than they're being taxed?' They say, 'How can I get a good job? How can my kids get good jobs? How can seniors have a confidence in their future when they know that Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid are bankrupt?';Mitt Romney;future
Internationally, President Obama has adopted an appeasement strategy. He believes America's role as leader in the world is a thing of the past. I believe a strong America must - and will - lead the future.;Mitt Romney;future
I am running for president to help create a better future. A future where everyone who wants a job can find one. Where no senior fears for the security of their retirement. An America where every parent knows that their child will get an education that leads them to a good job and a bright horizon.;Mitt Romney;future
The worst thing that can happen in a democracy - as well as in an individual's life - is to become cynical about the future and lose hope.;Hillary Clinton;future
School is practice for future life, practice makes perfect and nobody's perfect, so why practice?;Billie Joe Armstrong;future
Innovations that are guided by smallholder farmers, adapted to local circumstances, and sustainable for the economy and environment will be necessary to ensure food security in the future.;Bill Gates;future
I know I'm going to blow one day. My life is doomed the way it is. I have no future.;Mike Tyson;future
The challenges of change are always hard. It is important that we begin to unpack those challenges that confront this nation and realize that we each have a role that requires us to change and become more responsible for shaping our own future.;Hillary Clinton;future
How paramount the future is to the present when one is surrounded by children.;Charles Darwin;future
At some future period, not very distant as measured by centuries, the civilized races of man will almost certainly exterminate, and replace the savage races throughout the world.;Charles Darwin;future
I have realized that the past and future are real illusions, that they exist in the present, which is what there is and all there is.;Alan Watts;future
My wish for the new millennium is for all children... to grow up wiser, and stronger and more prosperous for the future than ever before.;Hillary Clinton;future
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.;Plutarch;future
The mind that is anxious about the future is miserable.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;future
Conservatism discards Prescription, shrinks from Principle, disavows Progress having rejected all respect for antiquity, it offers no redress for the present, and makes no preparation for the future.;Benjamin Disraeli;future
Living in dreams of yesterday, we find ourselves still dreaming of impossible future conquests.;Charles Lindbergh;future
Humanity has the stars in its future, and that future is too important to be lost under the burden of juvenile folly and ignorant superstition.;Isaac Asimov;future
What is history? An echo of the past in the future a reflex from the future on the past.;Victor Hugo;future
My business is to prevent the future.;Ray Bradbury;future
When the past no longer illuminates the future, the spirit walks in darkness.;Alexis de Tocqueville;future
When did the future switch from being a promise to a threat?;Chuck Palahniuk;future
To apologize is to lay the foundation for a future offense.;Ambrose Bierce;future
For the first time in the history of mankind, one generation literally has the power to destroy the past, the present and the future, the power to bring time to an end.;Hubert H. Humphrey;future
The country that is more developed industrially only shows, to the less developed, the image of its own future.;Karl Marx;future
I think the future of psychotherapy and psychology is in the school system. We need to teach every child how to rarely seriously disturb himself or herself and how to overcome disturbance when it occurs.;Albert Ellis;future
We have a close, unshakable bond between the United States and Israel, and between the American and Israeli people. We share common values and a commitment to a democratic future for the world, and we are both committed to a two-state solution. But that doesn't mean that we're going to agree.;Hillary Clinton;future
Solitude is not something you must hope for in the future. Rather, it is a deepening of the present, and unless you look for it in the present you will never find it.;Thomas Merton;future
We cannot turn the clock back nor can we undo the harm caused, but we have the power to determine the future and to ensure that what happened never happens again.;Paul Kagame;future
Those people who develop the ability to continuously acquire new and better forms of knowledge that they can apply to their work and to their lives will be the movers and shakers in our society for the indefinite future.;Brian Tracy;future
I had faith in Israel before it was established, I have in it now. I believe it has a glorious future before it - not just another sovereign nation, but as an embodiment of the great ideals of our civilization.;Harry S. Truman;future
Republicans are men of narrow vision, who are afraid of the future.;Jimmy Carter;future
The future enters into us, in order to transform itself in us, long before it happens.;Rainer Maria Rilke;future
The only thing we know about the future is that it will be different.;Peter Drucker;future
If we examine our thoughts, we shall find them always occupied with the past and the future.;Blaise Pascal;future
We have to do with the past only as we can make it useful to the present and the future.;Frederick Douglass;future
Future shock is the shattering stress and disorientation that we induce in individuals by subjecting them to too much change in too short a time.;Alvin Toffler;future
Let your hopes, not your hurts, shape your future.;Robert H. Schuller;future
Girls are the future mothers of our society, and it is important that we focus on their well-being.;Miriam Makeba;future
The factory of the future will have only two employees, a man and a dog. The man will be there to feed the dog. The dog will be there to keep the man from touching the equipment.;Warren G. Bennis;future
The mind is never satisfied with the objects immediately before it, but is always breaking away from the present moment, and losing itself in schemes of future felicity... The natural flights of the human mind are not from pleasure to pleasure, but from hope to hope.;Samuel Johnson;future
People always ask me, 'What is it that you regret?' And I say, 'nothing, because I could not buy what I've learned.' And I apply those things to my life I learn. And hopefully, hopefully it helps me to be a better human in the future and make better choices.;Katy Perry;future
In each action we must look beyond the action at our past, present, and future state, and at others whom it affects, and see the relations of all those things. And then we shall be very cautious.;Blaise Pascal;future
The future hasn't happened yet and the past is gone. So I think the only moment we have is right here and now, and I try to make the best of those moments, the moments that I'm in.;Annie Lennox;future
I would feel more optimistic about a bright future for man if he spent less time proving that he can outwit Nature and more time tasting her sweetness and respecting her seniority.;E. B. White;future
We live in an age when to be young and to be indifferent can be no longer synonymous. We must prepare for the coming hour. The claims of the Future are represented by suffering millions and the Youth of a Nation are the trustees of Posterity.;Benjamin Disraeli;future
Keep all special thoughts and memories for lifetimes to come. Share these keepsakes with others to inspire hope and build from the past, which can bridge to the future.;Mattie Stepanek;future
In every conceivable manner, the family is link to our past, bridge to our future.;Alex Haley;future
Philosophy finds it an easy matter to vanquish past and future evils, but the present are commonly too hard for it.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;future
If education is always to be conceived along the same antiquated lines of a mere transmission of knowledge, there is little to be hoped from it in the bettering of man's future. For what is the use of transmitting knowledge if the individual's total development lags behind?;Maria Montessori;future
Look to the future, because that is where you'll spend the rest of your life.;George Burns;future
A revolution is a struggle to the death between the future and the past.;Fidel Castro;future
I desire no future that will break the ties with the past.;George Eliot;future
I am totally against the idea that a Muslim woman should not have the same opportunities as a Muslim man to learn, to open up, to work, help shape the future. To close Islam down to a sexist approach is totally intolerable and ridiculous. It's not Islam.;King Hussein I;future
The future is not Big Government. Self-serving politicians. Powerful bureaucrats. This has been tried, tested throughout history. The result has always been disaster. President Obama, your agenda is not new. It's not change, and it's not hope.;Rush Limbaugh;future
I welcome and seek your ideas, but do not bring me small ideas bring me big ideas to match our future.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;future
The failure of national economic policy is costing us more than jobs it has begun to weaken that uniquely American spirit of risk-taking, large ambition, and optimism about the future. We must rally them now to bold departures that rebuild our national morale as well as our material prosperity.;Mitch Daniels;future
No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.;Alan Watts;future
One of the interesting things here is that the people who should be shaping the future are politicians. But the political framework itself is so dead and closed that people look to other sources, like artists, because art and music allow people a certain freedom.;Thom Yorke;future
My goal is more to be remembered. They'll remember this thing and like it in the future. The trick is to stay remembered long enough for that to happen.;Chuck Palahniuk;future
You know, nothing is more important than education, because nowhere are our stakes higher our future depends on the quality of education of our children today.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;future
Whoso neglects learning in his youth, loses the past and is dead for the future.;Euripides;future
Whoever neglects the arts when he is young has lost the past and is dead to the future.;Sophocles;future
Democrats think the country works better with a strong middle class, real opportunities for poor people to work their way into it and a relentless focus on the future, with business and government working together to promote growth and broadly shared prosperity. We think 'we're all in this together' is a better philosophy than 'you're on your own.';William J. Clinton;future
The human brain now holds the key to our future. We have to recall the image of the planet from outer space: a single entity in which air, water, and continents are interconnected. That is our home.;David Suzuki;future
The future is like heaven, everyone exalts it, but no one wants to go there now.;James A. Baldwin;future
Since God knows our future, our personalities, and our capacity to listen, He isn't ever going to say more to us than we can deal with at the moment.;Charles Stanley;future
Pearl Harbor caused our Nation to wholeheartedly commit to winning World War II, changing the course of our Nation's history and the world's future.;Joe Baca;future
If you are truly serious abut preparing your child for the future, don't teach him to subtract teach him to deduct.;Fran Lebowitz;future
The future is green energy, sustainability, renewable energy.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;future
The future is purchased by the present.;Samuel Johnson;future
When the people become involved in their government, government becomes more accountable, and our society is stronger, more compassionate, and better prepared for the challenges of the future.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;future
Education, therefore, is a process of living and not a preparation for future living.;John Dewey;future
Trying to tear down the past prohibits you from building up your future.;Lil Wayne;future
As human beings, we are vulnerable to confusing the unprecedented with the improbable. In our everyday experience, if something has never happened before, we are generally safe in assuming it is not going to happen in the future, but the exceptions can kill you and climate change is one of those exceptions.;Al Gore;future
I haven't had that one great love, which is good. I don't want that to be in the past - I want it to be in the future.;Taylor Swift;future
Depression is the inability to construct a future.;Rollo May;future
Every one rushes elsewhere and into the future, because no one wants to face one's own inner self.;Michel de Montaigne;future
The future which we hold in trust for our own children will be shaped by our fairness to other people's children.;Marian Wright Edelman;future
We cannot always assure the future of our friends we have a better chance of assuring our future if we remember who our friends are.;Henry A. Kissinger;future
We are at the very beginning of time for the human race. It is not unreasonable that we grapple with problems. But there are tens of thousands of years in the future. Our responsibility is to do what we can, learn what we can, improve the solutions, and pass them on.;Richard P. Feynman;future
My parents taught me to never give up and to always believe that my future could be whatever I dreamt it to be.;Susana Martinez;future
Evolution never looks to the future.;Richard Dawkins;future
I can look at the future with anticipation. And it's comforting to know that someday, as Christians, we'll be able to look back and have a little more clarity on why certain things in life happened.;Amy Grant;future
When you get just a complete sense of blackness or void ahead of you, that somehow the future looks an impossible place to be, and the direction you are going seems to have no purpose, there is this word despair which is a very awful thing to feel.;Stephen Fry;future
Invest three percent of your income in yourself (self-development) in order to guarantee your future.;Brian Tracy;future
I like today and perhaps a little future still, but the past is really something I'm not interested in. So, as far as I'm concerned, I like only the past of things and people I don't know. When I know, I don't care because I knew how it was.;Karl Lagerfeld;future
In the future, torture will once again become the recreational sport of the rich.;Doug Coupland;future
If we have to use force, it is because we are America. We are the indispensable nation. We stand tall. We see further into the future.;Madeleine Albright;future
Nobody gets to live life backward. Look ahead, that is where your future lies.;Ann Landers;future
We're at the crossroads. Down one road is a European centralized bureaucratic socialist welfare system in which politicians and bureaucrats define the future. Down the other road is a proud, solid, reaffirmation of American exceptionalism.;Newt Gingrich;future
Children are not casual guests in our home. They have been loaned to us temporarily for the purpose of loving them and instilling a foundation of values on which their future lives will be built.;James Dobson;future
Smiles form the channels of a future tear.;Lord Byron;future
I'm not good at future planning. I don't plan at all. I don't know what I'm doing tomorrow. I don't have a day planner and I don't have a diary. I completely live in the now, not in the past, not in the future.;Heath Ledger;future
Memories are the key not to the past, but to the future.;Corrie Ten Boom;future
But blind to former as to future fate, what mortal knows his pre-existent state?;Alexander Pope;future
Los Angeles gives one the feeling of the future more strongly than any city I know of. A bad future, too, like something out of Fritz Lang's feeble imagination.;Henry Miller;future
