The thing about black history is that the truth is so much more complex than anything you could make up.;Henry Louis Gates;truth
Chase after the truth like all hell and you'll free yourself, even though you never touch its coat tails.;Clarence Darrow;truth
The truth of our faith becomes a matter of ridicule among the infidels if any Catholic, not gifted with the necessary scientific learning, presents as dogma what scientific scrutiny shows to be false.;Thomas Aquinas;truth
The Bible may be the truth, but it is not the whole truth and nothing but the truth.;Samuel Butler;truth
There is no such source of error as the pursuit of truth.;Samuel Butler;truth
I think it better that in times like these a poet's mouth be silent, for in truth we have no gift to set a statesman right.;William Butler Yeats;truth
The key to wisdom is this - constant and frequent questioning, for by doubting we are led to question and by questioning we arrive at the truth.;Peter Abelard;truth
Representation of the world, like the world itself, is the work of men they describe it from their own point of view, which they confuse with the absolute truth.;Simone de Beauvoir;truth
The only way into truth is through one's own annihilation through dwelling a long time in a state of extreme and total humiliation.;Simone Weil;truth
The truth does not require a majority to prevail, ladies and gentlemen. The truth is its own power. The truth will out. Never forget that.;Rush Limbaugh;truth
The truth is that all men having power ought to be mistrusted.;James Madison;truth
Intense feeling too often obscures the truth.;Harry S. Truman;truth
We were talking about the space between us all and the people who hide themselves behind a wall of illusion. Never glimpse the truth - then it's far too late when they pass away.;George Harrison;truth
I tell you in truth: all men are Prophets or else God does not exist.;Jean-Paul Sartre;truth
The color of truth is gray.;Andre Gide;truth
Memory is a complicated thing, a relative to truth, but not its twin.;Barbara Kingsolver;truth
Before anything else, we need a new age of Enlightenment. Our present political systems must relinquish their claims on truth, justice and freedom and have to replace them with the search for truth, justice, freedom and reason.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;truth
What is truth? said jesting Pilate and would not stay for an answer.;Francis Bacon;truth
I hate newspapermen. They come into camp and pick up their camp rumors and print them as facts. I regard them as spies, which, in truth, they are.;William Tecumseh Sherman;truth
When you're caught up in the storm or, you know, just the turmoil of everything that there is another side and you do get through it. And you know, just standing by the truth and doing the right thing.;Amber Frey;truth
In order that all men may be taught to speak the truth, it is necessary that all likewise should learn to hear it.;Samuel Johnson;truth
All truth is not to be told at all times.;Samuel Butler;truth
Some men love truth so much that they seem to be in continual fear lest she should catch a cold on overexposure.;Samuel Butler;truth
It is by doubting that we come to investigate, and by investigating that we recognize the truth.;Peter Abelard;truth
Truth forever on the scaffold, wrong forever on the throne.;James Russell Lowell;truth
Dispassionate objectivity is itself a passion, for the real and for the truth.;Abraham Maslow;truth
Most people think that shadows follow, precede or surround beings or objects. The truth is that they also surround words, ideas, desires, deeds, impulses and memories.;Elie Wiesel;truth
Every legend, moreover, contains its residuum of truth, and the root function of language is to control the universe by describing it.;James A. Baldwin;truth
I am a lover of truth, a worshipper of freedom, a celebrant at the altar of language and purity and tolerance.;Stephen Fry;truth
Any truth is better than indefinite doubt.;Arthur Conan Doyle;truth
Truth is always strange, stranger than fiction.;Lord Byron;truth
I know how easy it is for one to stay well within moral, ethical, and legal bounds through the skillful use of words - and to thereby spin, sidestep, circumvent, or bend a truth completely out of shape. To that extent, we are all liars on numerous occasions.;Sidney Poitier;truth
It is dangerous for mortal beauty, or terrestrial virtue, to be examined by too strong a light. The torch of Truth shows much that we cannot, and all that we would not, see.;Samuel Johnson;truth
Every man has a right to utter what he thinks truth, and every other man has a right to knock him down for it. Martyrdom is the test.;Samuel Johnson;truth
Power is not sufficient evidence of truth.;Samuel Johnson;truth
Truth is powerful and it prevails.;Sojourner Truth;truth
The truth is of course is that there is no journey. We are arriving and departing all at the same time.;David Bowie;truth
Poetry is something to make us wiser and better, by continually revealing those types of beauty and truth, which God has set in all men's souls.;James Russell Lowell;truth
There is no truth. There is only perception.;Gustave Flaubert;truth
It does not require great learning to be a Christian and be convinced of the truth of the Bible. It requires only an honest heart and a willingness to obey God.;Albert Barnes;truth
I've been &amp am absurdly over-estimated. There are no supermen &amp I'm quite ordinary, &amp will say so whatever the artistic results. In that point I'm one of the few people who tell the truth about myself.;T. E. Lawrence;truth
Defending the truth is not something one does out of a sense of duty or to allay guilt complexes, but is a reward in itself.;Simone de Beauvoir;truth
But now I have come to believe that the whole world is an enigma, a harmless enigma that is made terrible by our own mad attempt to interpret it as though it had an underlying truth.;Umberto Eco;truth
A writer should have this little voice inside of you saying, Tell the truth. Reveal a few secrets here.;Quentin Tarantino;truth
Technology has advanced more in the last thirty years than in the previous two thousand. The exponential increase in advancement will only continue. Anthropological Commentary The opposite of a trivial truth is false the opposite of a great truth is also true.;Niels Bohr;truth
We must never be afraid to go too far, for truth lies beyond.;Marcel Proust;truth
There are few things in which we deceive ourselves more than in the esteem we profess to entertain for our firends. It is little better than a piece of quackery. The truth is, we think of them as we please, that is, as they please or displease us.;William Hazlitt;truth
Humanism was not wrong in thinking that truth, beauty, liberty, and equality are of infinite value, but in thinking that man can get them for himself without grace.;Simone Weil;truth
I believe that ignorance is the root of all evil. And that no one knows the truth.;Molly Ivins;truth
The lowest form of popular culture - lack of information, misinformation, disinformation, and a contempt for the truth or the reality of most people's lives - has overrun real journalism. Today, ordinary Americans are being stuffed with garbage.;Carl Bernstein;truth
We are free to yield to truth.;Horace;truth
Anyone entrusted with power will abuse it if not also animated with the love of truth and virtue, no matter whether he be a prince, or one of the people.;Jean de La Fontaine;truth
It is one thing to show a man that he is in an error, and another to put him in possession of the truth.;John Locke;truth
Perhaps it is a universal truth that the loss of liberty at home is to be charged to provisions against danger, real or pretended, from abroad.;James Madison;truth
I put forward formless and unresolved notions, as do those who publish doubtful questions to debate in the schools, not to establish the truth but to seek it.;Michel de Montaigne;truth
Freedom and order are not incompatible... truth is strength... free discussion is the very life of truth.;Thomas Huxley;truth
Don't let your special character and values, the secret that you know and no one else does, the truth - don't let that get swallowed up by the great chewing complacency.;Aesop;truth
An honest man speaks the truth, though it may give offence a vain man, in order that it may.;William Hazlitt;truth
In fact men will fight for a superstition quite as quickly as for a living truth - often more so, since a superstition is so intangible you cannot get at it to refute it, but truth is a point of view, and so is changeable.;Hypatia;truth
There are new words now that excuse everybody. Give me the good old days of heroes and villains, the people you can bravo or hiss. There was a truth to them that all the slick credulity of today cannot touch.;Bette Davis;truth
When we believe ourselves in possession of the only truth, we are likely to be indifferent to common everyday truths.;Eric Hoffer;truth
It is possible to be a master in false philosophy, easier, in fact, than to be a master in the truth, because a false philosophy can be made as simple and consistent as one pleases.;George Santayana;truth
The greatest homage we can pay to truth, is to use it.;James Russell Lowell;truth
Once to every person and nation come the moment to decide. In the conflict of truth with falsehood, for the good or evil side.;James Russell Lowell;truth
Hip-hop reflects the truth, and the problem is that hip-hop exposes a lot of the negative truth that society tries to conceal. It's a platform where we could offer information, but it's also an escape.;Busta Rhymes;truth
Irony regards every simple truth as a challenge.;Mason Cooley;truth
I guess I'm pretty much of a lone wolf. I don't say I don't like people at all, but, to tell you the truth, I only like it then if I have a chance to look deep into their hearts and their minds.;Bela Lugosi;truth
It is in our idleness, in our dreams, that the submerged truth sometimes comes to the top.;Virginia Woolf;truth
The truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it.;Flannery O'Connor;truth
The man who cannot endure to have his errors and shortcomings brought to the surface and made known, but tries to hide them, is unfit to walk the highway of truth.;James Allen;truth
And, after all, what is a lie? 'Tis but the truth in a masquerade.;Alexander Pope;truth
Know then this truth, enough for man to know virtue alone is happiness below.;Alexander Pope;truth
It is the merit of a general to impart good news, and to conceal the truth.;Sophocles;truth
Death is delightful. Death is dawn, The waking from a weary night Of fevers unto truth and light.;James Russell Lowell;truth
Truth, after all, wears a different face to everybody, and it would be too tedious to wait till all were agreed.;James Russell Lowell;truth
One is certain of nothing but the truth of one's own emotions.;E. M. Forster;truth
The truth is cruel, but it can be loved, and it makes free those who have loved it.;George Santayana;truth
When I can look life in the eyes, grown calm and very coldly wise, life will have given me the truth, and taken in exchange - my youth.;Sara Teasdale;truth
The truth doesn't have to do with cruelty, the truth has to do with mercy.;Ken Kesey;truth
You cannot do anything without God.It's a profound and elemental truth. Not, you cannot do most things without God. You will not be able to do anything that you want, truly, in fulfillment, without God.;Marco Rubio;truth
All truth, in the long run, is only common sense clarified.;Thomas Huxley;truth
Time, whose tooth gnaws away everything else, is powerless against truth.;Thomas Huxley;truth
Humor is something that thrives between man's aspirations and his limitations. There is more logic in humor than in anything else. Because, you see, humor is truth.;Victor Borge;truth
If history and science have taught us anything, it is that passion and desire are not the same as truth.;E. O. Wilson;truth
The words of truth are simple.;Aeschylus;truth
What does it matter how one comes by the truth so long as one pounces upon it and lives by it?;Henry Miller;truth
The Teutons have been singing the swan song ever since they entered the ranks of history. They have always confounded truth with death.;Henry Miller;truth
Some scenes you juggle two balls, some scenes you juggle three balls, some scenes you can juggle five balls. The key is always to speak in your own voice. Speak the truth. That's Acting 101. Then you start putting layers on top of that.;John Burroughs;truth
Using the power you derive from the discovery of the truth about racism in South Africa, you will help us to remake our part of the world into a corner of the globe on which all - of which all of humanity can be proud.;Oliver Tambo;truth
The world is indeed a mixture of truth and make-believe. Discard the make-believe and take the truth.;Ramakrishna;truth
You know what the critics are. If you tell the truth they only say you're cynical and it does an author no good to get a reputation for cynicism.;W. Somerset Maugham;truth
Too much truth is uncouth.;Franklin P. Adams;truth
The simple truth is that balding African-American men look cool when they shave their heads, whereas balding white men look like giant thumbs.;Dave Barry;truth
What the imagination seizes as beauty must be truth.;John Keats;truth
Science has fulfilled her function when she has ascertained and enunciated truth.;Thomas Huxley;truth
The more rapidly truth is spread among mankind the better it will be for them. Only let us be sure that it is the truth.;Thomas Huxley;truth
Ecclesiasticism in science is only unfaithfulness to truth.;Thomas Huxley;truth
Let's not be afraid to speak the common sense truth: you can't have high standards without good discipline.;William Hague;truth
A lie would have no sense unless the truth were felt dangerous.;Alfred Adler;truth
