Widespread public access to knowledge, like public education, is one of the pillars of our democracy, a guarantee that we can maintain a well-informed citizenry.;Scott Turow;knowledge
The channels of intuitive knowledge are opened according to the intensity of individual need.;Jane Roberts;knowledge
I love sharing my knowledge of hitting with others. Now coaches and players at all levels can learn my systematic approach to hitting a baseball with more consistency, mental strength and accuracy.;Dusty Baker;knowledge
My knowledge of science came from being with Carl, not from formal academic training. Carl gave me a thrilling tutorial in science and math that lasted the 20 years we were together.;Ann Druyan;knowledge
I would like to have the superpower of being able to touch a book and then gain all the knowledge out of that book without spending hours and days reading it.;Nicholas Brendon;knowledge
With all due respect to lawyers, it's wonderful that you have this intricate knowledge. You break down words to the nth degree. And sometimes I find it rather disgusting. And it goes on and on.;Sonny Bono;knowledge
The tree of knowledge is not the tree of life! And yet can we cast out of our spirits all the good or evil poured into them by so many learned generations? Ignorance cannot be learned.;Gerard De Nerval;knowledge
Well, the truth is always what should be told. And the truth and the knowledge of the truth is what everybody should represent, regardless of the consequences of doing it.;Johnny Isakson;knowledge
I don't keep my secrets or my knowledge to myself.;Natalia Makarova;knowledge
The function of the politician, therefore, is one of continuous watchfulness and activity, and he must have intimate knowledge of details if he would work out grand results.;John George Nicolay;knowledge
We stand in the shadow of Jefferson who believed that a society founded upon the rule of law and liberty was dependent upon public education and the diffusion of knowledge.;Matt Blunt;knowledge
The first step towards knowledge is to know that we are ignorant.;Richard Cecil;knowledge
I think anyone about to leave one job not surprisingly would use their knowledge, their experience, their skills drawn from their previous positions to try and earn a living in the future. That's what happens in all interviews.;Geoff Hoon;knowledge
Like all science, psychology is knowledge and like science again, it is knowledge of a definite thing, the mind.;James M. Baldwin;knowledge
All along we find that social life - religion, politics, art - reflects the stages reached in the development of the knowledge of self it shows the social uses made of this knowledge.;James M. Baldwin;knowledge
Einstein's results again turned the tables and now very few philosophers or scientists still think that scientific knowledge is, or can be, proven knowledge.;Imre Lakatos;knowledge
As the body dieth when the soul departeth, so the soul of man dieth, when it hath not the knowledge of God.;John Jewel;knowledge
The word of God is full of sad and grave counsel, full of the knowledge of God, of examples of virtues, and of correction of vices, of the end of this life, and of the life to come.;John Jewel;knowledge
Human knowledge is dark and uncertain philosophy is dark, astrology is dark, and geometry is dark.;John Jewel;knowledge
He surprised me by his familiarity with details of movements and battles which I did not suppose had come to his knowledge. As he kept me talking for over half an hour, I flattered myself that what I had to say interested him.;Henry Villard;knowledge
Can the knowledge deriving from reason even begin to compare with knowledge perceptible by sense?;Louis Aragon;knowledge
Growing up in Nashville, especially in a music business family, means growing up with knowledge that seems like common sense until later in life when you realize people spend thousands of dollars a semester trying to learn or pretending to learn while looking for some intern job on music row.;Caitlin Rose;knowledge
Making a film of a work you've played for six weeks gives you intimate knowledge of the character. By the time you go in front of the camera you've worked out the behavior and life of a character.;Linda Lavin;knowledge
Henceforth the leaves of the tree of knowledge were for women, and for the healing of the nations.;Lucy Stone;knowledge
Most people who are selling their mineral rights, this is a once-in-a-lifetime transaction. The people who are buying, the landmen who are coming in, do it every day. So there's a little inequity there about knowledge.;Mike DeWine;knowledge
Wisdom is a kind of knowledge. It is knowledge of the nature, career, and consequences of human values.;Sidney Hook;knowledge
There is no stopping the world's tendency to throw off imposed restraints, the religious authority that is based on the ignorance of the many, the political authority that is based on the knowledge of the few.;Van Wyck Brooks;knowledge
It's extremely hard for athletes to accept what's happened to them sometimes. It's hard to be beaten by a small margin, and I've spoken with athletes who, for years afterward, have been tormented by the knowledge that, had they done something ever so slightly different, they could have been one-ten-thousandth of a second quicker.;Chris Cleave;knowledge
In the present state of our knowledge, it would be useless to attempt to speculate on the remote cause of the electrical energy... its relation to chemical affinity is, however, sufficiently evident. May it not be identical with it, and an essential property of matter?;Humphry Davy;knowledge
If we want our children to value education, then we must show our appreciation for knowledge.;Brad Sherman;knowledge
For the things of this world cannot be made known without a knowledge of mathematics.;Roger Bacon;knowledge
You can only maintain your interest if you're travelling more in ignorance than knowledge.;Chris Morris;knowledge
A people's literature is the great textbook for real knowledge of them. The writings of the day show the quality of the people as no historical reconstruction can.;Edith Hamilton;knowledge
Personal law is simply the thought that controls your mind and your life more than any other thought. Finding that thought is the most valuable knowledge that you can have about yourself. It is like the leverage on personal change. It enables you to change very efficiently.;Leonard Orr;knowledge
Is it right to probe so deeply into Nature's secrets? The question must here be raised whether it will benefit mankind, or whether the knowledge will be harmful.;Pierre Curie;knowledge
Everyone, young and old, must have access to the knowledge and skills to participate in the evolving economy.;James H. Douglas;knowledge
Knowledge is the consequence of time, and multitude of days are fittest to teach wisdom.;Jeremy Collier;knowledge
Capucci was the biggest schooling I had. It wasn't just about the technical knowledge, such as color and volume, but also about the secret rules, and the beautiful codes of respect between the atelier and the master.;Giambattista Valli;knowledge
I think it's wrong that so many people pass on from this existence, and take all their knowledge with them.;Rex Hunt;knowledge
For the longest time I was brought up listening to only two genres of music, pop and rock. So in the past few years I've been trying to expand my interests because I think that you can only write to the extent of your knowledge, and if your knowledge is limited you can't write past that.;Jacqueline Emerson;knowledge
According to the Jain view, soul is that element which knows, thinks and feels. It is in fact the divine element in the living being. The Jain thinks that the phenomena of knowledge, feeling, thinking and willing are conditioned on something, and that that something must be as real as anything can be.;Virchand Gandhi;knowledge
Obama has already rejected the bright sunlight of public knowledge, which is democracy's great disinfectant and cure.;David K. Shipler;knowledge
Be ignorance thy choice, where knowledge leads to woe.;James Beattie;knowledge
The true nature of soul is right knowledge, right faith and right conduct. The soul, so long as it is subject to transmigration, is undergoing evolution and involution.;Virchand Gandhi;knowledge
These past years, as we have been recovering and given our city a rebirth, we have been encouraged by our faith, knowledge, and steadfast belief that we will pull through. There will be challenges and setbacks, as there have already been, but we will continue, and we the citizens of New Orleans will prevail in bringing our city back.;Cedric Richmond;knowledge
Let no one be deluded that a knowledge of the path can substitute for putting one foot in front of the other.;Mary Richards;knowledge
Golf is about knowledge, and studying another player - more than listening to a teacher - is the best way to get it.;Vijay Singh;knowledge
There is no force more liberating than the knowledge that you are fighting for others.;Bob Kerrey;knowledge
I wanted to contribute my time, myself, my knowledge, my love, because Haiti is my everything.;Laurent Lamothe;knowledge
I have witnessed how education opens doors, and I know that when sound instruction takes place, students experience the joys of new-found knowledge and the ability to excel.;Daniel Akaka;knowledge
It's really cool to know that you've put something together that isn't for a particular audience. It's so often that a TV show can really only speak to one sect of the population, and this really is something that appeals to a worldwide fan base. People who are into the pursuit of knowledge. Their reaction has meant the world to us.;David Krumholtz;knowledge
What is research but a blind date with knowledge?;Will Harvey;knowledge
Melville brought to the task a sound knowledge of actual whaling, much curious learning in the literature of the subject, and, above all, an imagination which worked with great power upon the facts of his own experience.;Carl Clinton Van Doren;knowledge
My father was a lawyer and to my best knowledge nobody in my family before had interest in science.;George Andrew Olah;knowledge
Solitude can be used well by very few people. They who do must have a knowledge of the world to see the foolishness of it, and enough virtue to despise all the vanity.;Abraham Cowley;knowledge
Here, class attendance is expected and students are required to take notes, which they are tested on. What is missing, it seems to me, is the use of knowledge, the practical training.;Harrison Salisbury;knowledge
Belief and knowledge are considered to be two different things. But they are not.;Stanley Fish;knowledge
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.;Henry Ford;leadership
A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;leadership
It is better to lead from behind and to put others in front, especially when you celebrate victory when nice things occur. You take the front line when there is danger. Then people will appreciate your leadership.;Nelson Mandela;leadership
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.;Lao Tzu;leadership
Leadership is solving problems. The day soldiers stop bringing you their problems is the day you have stopped leading them. They have either lost confidence that you can help or concluded you do not care. Either case is a failure of leadership.;Colin Powell;leadership
Effective leadership is not about making speeches or being liked leadership is defined by results not attributes.;Peter Drucker;leadership
I suppose leadership at one time meant muscles but today it means getting along with people.;Mahatma Gandhi;leadership
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.;Steve Jobs;leadership
Be careful the environment you choose for it will shape you be careful the friends you choose for you will become like them.;W. Clement Stone;leadership
Don't find fault, find a remedy.;Henry Ford;leadership
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.;Steve Jobs;leadership
When the best leader's work is done the people say, 'We did it ourselves.';Lao Tzu;leadership
Management is doing things right leadership is doing the right things.;Peter Drucker;leadership
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.;John D. Rockefeller;leadership
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.;Max Lucado;leadership
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;leadership
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.;John Quincy Adams;leadership
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody expects of you. Never excuse yourself.;Henry Ward Beecher;leadership
Affirmation without discipline is the beginning of delusion.;Jim Rohn;leadership
Leadership - leadership is about taking responsibility, not making excuses.;Mitt Romney;leadership
A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason.;J. P. Morgan;leadership
The cautious seldom err.;Confucius;leadership
Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out.;Stephen Covey;leadership
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.;John C. Maxwell;leadership
People ask the difference between a leader and a boss. The leader leads, and the boss drives.;Theodore Roosevelt;leadership
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.;Jim Rohn;leadership
A leader is a dealer in hope.;Napoleon Bonaparte;leadership
People who enjoy meetings should not be in charge of anything.;Thomas Sowell;leadership
Good leadership consists of showing average people how to do the work of superior people.;John D. Rockefeller;leadership
He who is prudent and lies in wait for an enemy who is not, will be victorious.;Sun Tzu;leadership
Leadership cannot really be taught. It can only be learned.;Harold S. Geneen;leadership
If you want a quality, act as if you already had it.;William James;leadership
Enlightened leadership is spiritual if we understand spirituality not as some kind of religious dogma or ideology but as the domain of awareness where we experience values like truth, goodness, beauty, love and compassion, and also intuition, creativity, insight and focused attention.;Deepak Chopra;leadership
A good leader takes a little more than his share of the blame, a little less than his share of the credit.;Arnold H. Glasow;leadership
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them.;John C. Maxwell;leadership
No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it.;Andrew Carnegie;leadership
Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions.;Harold S. Geneen;leadership
Good management is the art of making problems so interesting and their solutions so constructive that everyone wants to get to work and deal with them.;Paul Hawken;leadership
To succeed in business it is necessary to make others see things as you see them.;Aristotle Onassis;leadership
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?;Donald Trump;leadership
Outstanding leaders go out of their way to boost the self-esteem of their personnel. If people believe in themselves, it's amazing what they can accomplish.;Sam Walton;leadership
Example is leadership.;Albert Schweitzer;leadership
