I don't see how the party that says it's the party of the family is going to adopt an immigration policy which destroys families that have been here a quarter century.;Newt Gingrich;family
Going home and spending time with your family and your real friends keeps you grounded.;Jennifer Ellison;family
A family's photograph album is generally about the extended family and, often, is all that remains of it.;Susan Sontag;family
I had to learn my faith and look after my family, and I had to make priorities. But now I've done it all and there's a little space for me to fill in the universe of music again.;Cat Stevens;family
We must not allow the liberals to move us away from the conservative values of the American past which sustain our present and shall secure our future. As for me and my family, we will serve God, we will serve this constitutional republic, we will serve America.;Allen West;family
And so I look at it as a relationship that I have with him that I want to give him the honor and glory anytime I have the opportunity. And then right after I give him the honor and glory, I always try to give my teammates the honor and glory. And that's how it works because Christ comes first in my life, and then my family, and then my teammates.;Tim Tebow;family
Being a Barrymore didn't help me, other than giving me a great sense of pride and a strange spiritual sense that I felt OK about having the passion to act. It made sense because my whole family had done it and it helped rationalise it for me.;Drew Barrymore;family
I grew up in a family that was multifaceted, sexually oriented, and pretty much open to everything. And because I was working, my friends were all adults. I had a tough time going to different schools because people knew me from films and I was the fat child who got beaten up every day.;Drew Barrymore;family
I really have created a family. I work with the people I love, I travel with them, I make films with them, and I'm in an office with them. So in a weird way - I know I haven't birthed a child - I feel that I'm a part of creating a family. It's a tribe. I love that word.;Drew Barrymore;family
When I did 'E.T.,' it sort of solidified the only family I know are these film crews. These gypsies. These filmmakers. That was the solidification and the clicking revelations of 'This is what I want to do with my life and this is where I'm going to survive.';Drew Barrymore;family
I want to make sure my family's straight.;Lil Wayne;family
If you have issues with family, friends, and people at work, try and solve these issues head on so you can move on and concentrate on having the life you want. Think about what you can do so that you are happy with yourself - for instance, eating right to feel great and energetic.;Heidi Klum;family
My family isn't really all that different from anyone else's. Well, maybe they're a bit more entertaining.;David Sedaris;family
My other family is Fleetwood Mac. I don't need the money, but there's an emotional need for me to go on the road again. There's a love there we're a band of brothers.;Stevie Nicks;family
Look, I think Hispanic community - the values that resonate in our community are fundamentally conservative. They are faith, family and patriotism.;Ted Cruz;family
As a child, the family that I had and the love I had from my two parents allowed me to go ahead and be more aggressive, to search and to take risks knowing that, if I failed, I could always come home to a family of love and support.;Tiger Woods;family
I have let my family down and I regret those transgressions with all of my heart.;Tiger Woods;family
I bought a lot of rubbish things that kids buy: skateboards and clothes and typical teenage stuff. And, as soon as I could, I wasted a lot of money on cars - BMW's mostly - for myself and my family.;Tom Felton;family
It is awesome to feel you are carrying on the family name.;Daniel Day-Lewis;family
My inspiration was my mom. She's a great cook, and she still cooks, and we still banter back and forth about cooking. Growing up in a mostly Portuguese community, food was important and the family table was extremely important. At a very young age I understood that.;Emeril Lagasse;family
I feel akin to the Platypus. An orphan in a family. A swimmer, a recluse. Part bird, part fish, part lizard.;Trevor Dunn;family
I think the American Dream says that anything can happen if you work hard enough at it and are persistent, and have some ability. The sky is the limit to what you can build, and what can happen to you and your family.;Sanford I. Weill;family
The lover of life makes the whole world into his family, just as the lover of the fair sex creates his from all the lovely women he has found, from those that could be found, and those who are impossible to find.;Charles Baudelaire;family
I am so excited to let fans in on how important my relationship with my family is to me. I hope to motivate mothers and daughters to build lifetimes of memories together and inspire kids around the world to live their dreams.;Miley Cyrus;family
My family really does come first. It always did and always will.;Meryl Streep;family
Men have looked upon the desert as barren land, the free holding of whoever chose but in fact each hill and valley in it had a man who was its acknowledged owner and would quickly assert the right of his family or clan to it, against aggression.;T. E. Lawrence;family
It was the dumbest thing I had ever seen, but it's a family thing, and I guess it's clean.;Barbara Bush;family
Family and friends and faith are the most important things in your life and you should be building friendships.;Barbara Bush;family
You know sit with your arm around a little kid and read. It not only teaches them to read but it keeps the family strong.;Barbara Bush;family
I don't think a female running a house is a problem, a broken family. It's perceived as one because of the notion that a head is a man.;Toni Morrison;family
I want to be a young dad. By 25 or 26 I want to see myself, like, married or start looking for a family.;Justin Bieber;family
I like to be judged by my family and friends because they know me.;Leighton Meester;family
I come from a very non-accepting family, but I'm very accepting.;Katy Perry;family
I grew up not really having anything, so the idea that I can take care of my family and my friends now is a really cool bonus.;Katy Perry;family
When you live in an alcoholic family or an abusive family, you tiptoe, you don't want to step on any mines.;Glenn Beck;family
America's a family. We all yell at each other. It all works out.;Louis C. K.;family
The blues was like that problem child that you may have had in the family. You was a little bit ashamed to let anybody see him, but you loved him. You just didn't know how other people would take it.;B. B. King;family
I have a very good family. I'm very fortunate to have a very good family. I believe very strongly in the family. It's one of the things we have in our platform, is to talk about it.;Dan Quayle;family
It did remind me of something out of Greek mythology - the richest king who gets everything he wants, but ultimately his family has a curse on it from the Gods.;Martin Scorsese;family
The fact that food plays such an important part in my films has everything to do with my family.;Martin Scorsese;family
A lot of what I'm obsessed with is the relationship and the dynamics between people and the family, particularly brothers and their father.;Martin Scorsese;family
But I also want to have a family with children one day, which is very important to me.;Heidi Klum;family
With a family of six, there is always something to make, create and do together.;Heidi Klum;family
Sure, climbing Mount Everest would be cool, but that's something I would now like to do as a family. Big experiences like that I don't want to have on my own anymore. I want to share them.;Heidi Klum;family
Family comes first. You're the only thing they have.;Heidi Klum;family
I'm not a kid. You don't get in this business for anonymity. It's not like I have posters of myself on the wall, but at the same time, I'm kind of ready for a little bit of it, but I worry for my little one, and my family - their privacy. That's what I'm more protective of.;Hugh Jackman;family
My parents were drawn to the idea that there was space and opportunity in Australia. For the meagre sum of &pound10, you could sail your entire family out to Australia, so that's what my father chose to do.;Hugh Jackman;family
My family, my parents are hippies.;Shia LaBeouf;family
I enjoy what I'm able to give my family.;Shia LaBeouf;family
My family's lineage is five generations of artists who never made it.;Shia LaBeouf;family
Personal sins should not require press releases and problems within a family shouldn't have to mean public confessions.;Tiger Woods;family
I have not been true to my values and the behavior my family deserves.;Tiger Woods;family
I hurt my wife, my kids, my mother, my wife's family, my friends, my foundation and kids all around the world who admired me.;Tiger Woods;family
I get 0.5 seconds to react to a ball, sometimes even less than that. I can't be thinking of what XYZ has said about me. I need to surrender myself to my natural instincts. My subconscious mind knows exactly what to do. It is trained to react. At home, my family doesn't discuss media coverage.;Sachin Tendulkar;family
My ultimate life dream project is my kids. My family.;Denzel Washington;family
I remember driving to North Carolina when I was a little girl in a snowstorm to get down to my mom's family in the Carolinas. There were chains on the car - it was the late sixties - and we were just singing in the car. Christmas carols.;Tori Amos;family
The principal contributor to loneliness in this country is television. What happens is that the family 'gets together' alone.;Ashley Montagu;family
I can't tell you how scary it can be walking onto a movie and suddenly joining this family, it's like going to somebody else's Christmas dinner, everyone knows everyone, and you're there and you're not quite sure what you're supposed to be doing.;John Cleese;family
No doubt, the White House thinks the American people know Obama's story. But since the Inauguration, we've seen only the president's present: his perfect family, his Ivy League elegance, his effortless mastery of complex issues. We never see him sweat. And we forget that he ever had to struggle.;Dee Dee Myers;family
One, if you attack my integrity, I will defend myself. If you attack my patriotism, I will defend myself. If you come after my family, I will counter-attack viciously, I will destroy you.;Scott Ritter;family
But if each man could have his own house, a large garden to cultivate and healthy surroundings - then, I thought, there will be for them a better opportunity of a happy family life.;George Cadbury;family
A home is crucial, the foundation of a stable family.;Eric Cantona;family
I'm a strong person, I'm a strong family man, I'm a strong husband and a strong father.;David Beckham;family
My mom has made it possible for me to be who I am. Our family is everything. Her greatest skill was encouraging me to find my own person and own independence.;Charlize Theron;family
Acting is just a way of making a living, the family is life.;Denzel Washington;family
I'm from a lower middle class background all my family were immigrants.;Billy Corgan;family
In my particular instance, I came from a family that didn't have anything. Everything I earned in life I made. Myself. With songs that I wrote.;Billy Corgan;family
At a family's most difficult time, I want to make sure at a minimum that they have the very basic of comforts: the ability to grieve their loss privately and the knowledge that their country is grateful for their loved one's sacrifice and service.;Dave Reichert;family
If you want to see mankind fully, look at a family. Within the family minds become organically one, and for this reason the family is total poetry.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;family
I had a really wonderful upbringing. We were a tight family. It was wonderful to grow up with so many siblings. We were all just a year or two apart, and we were always so supportive of each other. I learned everything from my older brother and sister and taught it to my younger sisters.;Joaquin Phoenix;family
I need my family to remind me in a loving and nice way to lighten up.;Debra Winger;family
I have to make it my job to be careful with my family.;Liam Neeson;family
My wife, my family, my friends - they've all taught me things about love and what that emotion really means. In a nutshell, loving someone is about giving, not receiving.;Nicholas Sparks;family
My dad would give me $10, which is a lot of money when you're 9, to sing at church, on tables at restaurants, at family functions, just about anywhere.;Katy Perry;family
Santa Barbara is my hood. I mean, it's not much of a hood, but it is definitely like my hood. I claim Santa Barbara like I claim my family. I'm going to be married and buried there.;Katy Perry;family
The family only represents one aspect, however important an aspect, of a human being's functions and activities. A life is beautiful and ideal or the reverse, only when we have taken into our consideration the social as well as the family relationship.;Havelock Ellis;family
I come from a great family. I've seen family life and I know how wonderful, how nurturing, and how wonderful it can be.;Sidney Poitier;family
We will invest in our people, quality education, job opportunity, family, neighborhood, and yes, a thing we call America.;Dan Quayle;family
Too often, older women are seen as victims, but I know lots of formidable women who have marvellous jobs as well as a full erotic life, and children and friends and family.;Francesca Annis;family
I love where I'm from. I don't live there because of the circumstances, but all my family is there. It's what's inside, it's not what's outside that determines the culture and the feeling.;Maria Sharapova;family
Our notion of the perfect society embraces the family as its center and ornament, and this paradise is not secure until children appear to animate and complete the picture.;Amos Bronson Alcott;family
I play with my grandchildren. I tend to my garden, which I love. Of course, I love to read, and family is really what it's all about.;Julie Andrews;family
I draw from my family and my friends and I feel like that small-town person. The achievements, the materialistic possessions have really become to mean less. They mean nothing.;Sheryl Crow;family
I am hoping that in this year of the family we will go into our families and reconcile differences.;Louis Farrakhan;family
I did come from a pretty independent-minded family.;David Hockney;family
I think my father would have liked to have been an artist, actually. But I think he didn't quite have perhaps the drive or, I don't know, I mean he had a family to bring up I suppose.;David Hockney;family
I hate the way they portray us in the media. If you see a black family it says they're looting, if you see a white family it says they're looking for food.;Kanye West;family
There are just so many stories that are buried on family trees.;Henry Louis Gates;family
I do not see my family life in any way, shape, or form as an opportunity for a photo.;Shania Twain;family
My mother, at least twice, cancelled our family's subscription to the newspaper I was working on, because she was so mad about its treatment of my father.;Charles Kuralt;family
As they say in Italy, Italians were eating with a knife and fork when the French were still eating each other. The Medici family had to bring their Tuscan cooks up there so they could make something edible.;Mario Batali;family
Having family responsibilities and concerns just has to make you a more understanding person.;Sandra Day O'Connor;family
A retired teacher paid $62,000 towards her pension and nothing, yes nothing, for full family medical, dental and vision coverage over her entire career. What will we pay her? $1.4 million in pension benefits and another $215,000 in health care benefit premiums over her lifetime.;Chris Christie;family
For the first time ever I was taking the family on the road. We stayed with my in-laws, which on life's list of experiences ranks right below sitting in a tub full of scissors.;Jeff Foxworthy;family
There is an overwhelming amount of information available to us all on the web each day, not to mention what is shared with us by our family, friends, fans, and followers. This necessitates the need to filter through all that information and to decide for ourselves where to put our attention.;Simon Mainwaring;family
I love my friends and family, but I also love it when they can't find me and I can spend all day reading or walking all alone, in silence, eight thousand miles away from everyone. All alone and unreachable in a foreign country is one my most favorite possible things to be.;Elizabeth Gilbert;family
They say Yogi Berra is funny. Well, he has a lovely wife and family, a beautiful home, money in the bank, and he plays golf with millionaires. What's funny about that?;Casey Stengel;family
I'm thankful for all the things that this job has given me and my family. But probably the thing that I am most proud of throughout my career is that, not only myself, but my family and the people around me have just been regular people, which we are.;Brett Favre;family
I do believe at the end of the night when you're with your family, the character gets hung up on the door like a coat, and is there to be taken on the next morning.;Liam Neeson;family
