True science is never speculative it employs hypotheses as suggesting points for inquiry, but it never adopts the hypotheses as though they were demonstrated propositions.;Cleveland Abbe;science
Just as the science and art of agriculture depend upon chemistry and botany, so the art of education depends upon physiology and psychology.;Edward Thorndike;science
The older generation had greater respect for land than science. But we live in an age when science, more than soil, has become the provider of growth and abundance. Living just on the land creates loneliness in an age of globality.;Shimon Peres;science
It's time to let science and medicine, not politics and rhetoric, lead us to good, sound policy.;Eliot Spitzer;science
Facts matter. Science matters. Reason matters. Mitt Romney has shown an inability to respect any of the three. President Barack Obama not only respects them, he relies on them. He is an overwhelming and unquestioned choice to continue as president.;Eliot Spitzer;science
The science of politics is the one science that is deposited by the streams of history, like the grains of gold in the sand of a river and the knowledge of the past, the record of truths revealed by experience, is eminently practical, as an instrument of action and a power that goes to making the future.;Lord Acton;science
The worst state of affairs is when science begins to concern itself with art.;Paul Klee;science
Politics is not an exact science.;Otto von Bismarck;science
We have failed to protect science against speculative extensions of nature, continuing to assign physical and mathematical properties to hypothetical entities beyond what is observable in nature.;Robert Lanza;science
Millions of people were inspired by the Apollo Program. I was five years old when I watched Apollo 11 unfold on television, and without any doubt it was a big contributor to my passions for science, engineering, and exploration.;Jeff Bezos;science
Everything is becoming science fiction. From the margins of an almost invisible literature has sprung the intact reality of the 20th century.;J. G. Ballard;science
Science and technology multiply around us. To an increasing extent they dictate the languages in which we speak and think. Either we use those languages, or we remain mute.;J. G. Ballard;science
I think mistakes are the essence of science and law. It's impossible to conceive of either scientific progress or legal progress without understanding the important role of being wrong and of mistakes.;Alan Dershowitz;science
The most wonderful discovery made by scientists is science itself.;Jacob Bronowski;science
The artist does not illustrate science (but) he frequently responds to the same interests that a scientist does.;Lewis Mumford;science
Further, the dignity of the science itself seems to require that every possible means be explored for the solution of a problem so elegant and so celebrated.;Carl Friedrich Gauss;science
The enchanting charms of this sublime science reveal only to those who have the courage to go deeply into it.;Carl Friedrich Gauss;science
The wise man regulates his conduct by the theories both of religion and science. But he regards these theories not as statements of ultimate fact but as art-forms.;John B. S. Haldane;science
The science linking the increased frequency and severity of extreme weather to the climate crisis has matured tremendously in the last couple of years.;Al Gore;science
Raising children is a creative endeavor, an art rather than a science.;Bruno Bettelheim;science
The commonality between science and art is in trying to see profoundly - to develop strategies of seeing and showing.;Edward Tufte;science
It is reasonable to expect the doctor to recognize that science may not have all the answers to problems of health and healing.;Norman Cousins;science
To pursue science is not to disparage the things of the spirit. In fact, to pursue science rightly is to furnish the framework on which the spirit may rise.;Vannevar Bush;science
Science will explain how but not why. It talks about what is, not what ought to be. Science is descriptive, not prescriptive it can tell us about causes but it cannot tell us about purposes. Indeed, science disavows purposes.;Jonathan Sacks;science
In the post-enlightenment Europe of the 19th century the highest authority was no longer the Church. Instead it was science. Thus was born racial anti-Semitism, based on two disciplines regarded as science in their day - the 'scientific study of race' and the Social Darwinism of Herbert Spencer and Ernst Haeckel.;Jonathan Sacks;science
Since Hiroshima and the Holocaust, science no longer holds its pristine place as the highest moral authority. Instead, that role is taken by human rights. It follows that any assault on Jewish life - on Jews or Judaism or the Jewish state - must be cast in the language of human rights.;Jonathan Sacks;science
Dreaming in public is an important part of our job description, as science writers, but there are bad dreams as well as good dreams. We're dreamers, you see, but we're also realists, of a sort.;William Gibson;science
I have a better internal and intuitive understanding of folklore and myth than science and technology, so in that way fantasy is easier.;Sarah Zettel;science
The purpose of science is not to analyze or describe but to make useful models of the world. A model is useful if it allows us to get use out of it.;Edward de Bono;science
It should be mandatory that you understand computer science.;will.i.am;science
If you live in a ghetto and really want not to just change your life and your family's life but change your ghetto's life, make your ghetto a good neighbourhood, learn science try to be like Mark Zuckerberg, Bill Gates and Steve Jobs.;will.i.am;science
I hesitate to predict whether this theory is true. But if the general opinion of Mankind is optimistic then we're in for a period of extreme popularity for science fiction.;David Eddings;science
Some of the FDA's own scientists have charged that politics, not science, is behind the FDA's actions.;Joseph Crowley;science
It is sometimes important for science to know how to forget the things she is surest of.;Jean Rostand;science
When a scientist is ahead of his times, it is often through misunderstanding of current, rather than intuition of future truth. In science there is never any error so gross that it won't one day, from some perspective, appear prophetic.;Jean Rostand;science
I'm afraid for all those who'll have the bread snatched from their mouths by these machines. What business has science and capitalism got, bringing all these new inventions into the works, before society has produced a generation educated up to using them!;Henrik Ibsen;science
Those theologians who are beginning to take the doctrine of creation very seriously should pay some attention to science's story.;John Polkinghorne;science
Much of today's public anxiety about science is the apprehension that we may forever be overlooking the whole by an endless, obsessive preoccupation with the parts.;Lewis Thomas;science
I suggest that the introductory courses in science, at all levels from grade school through college, be radically revised. Leave the fundamentals, the so-called basics, aside for a while, and concentrate the attention of all students on the things that are not known.;Lewis Thomas;science
The central task of science is to arrive, stage by stage, at a clearer comprehension of nature, but this does not at all mean, as it is sometimes claimed to mean, a search for mastery over nature.;Lewis Thomas;science
Very few recognize science as the high adventure it really is, the wildest of all explorations ever taken by human beings, the chance to glimpse things never seen before, the shrewdest maneuver for discovering how the world works.;Lewis Thomas;science
We're as clever as we think we are, but we'll be a lot cleverer when we learn to use not just one brain but to pool huge numbers of brains. We're at a level technologically where we can share information and think collectively about our problems. We do it in science all the time - there's no reason why we can't do it in other endeavors.;Lewis Thomas;science
I like fantasy. I like horror, science fiction because I can get avant-garde with those performances in those movies.;Nicolas Cage;science
The violent reaction on the recent development of modern physics can only be understood when one realises that here the foundations of physics have started moving and that this motion has caused the feeling that the ground would be cut from science.;Werner Heisenberg;science
I left science, then I went into art, but I approach things very analytically. I choose to pursue both art and architecture as completely separate fields rather than merging them.;Maya Lin;science
Science fiction, to me, has not only things that wouldn't happen, but other planets.;Margaret Atwood;science
This much we know: Journalism is not a precise science. It's, on its best day, is a crude art. We make mistakes I make mistakes. With more than 50 years as a journalist, I have at least had the opportunity to blow more stories, make more mistakes than maybe anybody in television.;Dan Rather;science
Nothing is less important than which fork you use. Etiquette is the science of living. It embraces everything. It is ethics. It is honor.;Emily Post;science
I didn't mind studying. Obviously math and the physical science subjects interested me more than some of the more artistic subjects, but I think I was a pretty good student.;Alan Shepard;science
Today the function of the artist is to bring imagination to science and science to imagination, where they meet, in the myth.;Cyril Connolly;science
Science knows no country, because knowledge belongs to humanity, and is the torch which illuminates the world.;Louis Pasteur;science
Science, like art, religion, commerce, warfare, and even sleep, is based on presuppositions.;Gregory Bateson;science
Economics has never been a science - and it is even less now than a few years ago.;Paul Samuelson;science
More and more NFL players have been willing their bodies to science so that their brains can be studied even if they die of other causes.;Jeffrey Kluger;science
Science has yet to isolate the Godiva Chocolate or Prada gene, but that doesn't mean your weakness for pricey swag isn't woven into your DNA. According to a new study of identical twins, it's less TV ads or Labor Day sales that make you buy the things you do than the tastes and temperaments that are already part of you at birth.;Jeffrey Kluger;science
The best thing about science is that hard, empirical answers are always there if you look hard enough. The best thing about religion is that the very absence of that certainty is what requires - and gives rise to - deep feelings of faith.;Jeffrey Kluger;science
When I began in 1960, individuality wasn't an accepted thing to look for it was about species-specific behaviour. But animal behaviour is not hard science. There's room for intuition.;Jane Goodall;science
Women tend to be more intuitive, or to admit to being intuitive, and maybe the hard science approach isn't so attractive. The way that science is taught is very cold. I would never have become a scientist if I had been taught like that.;Jane Goodall;science
In Israel, a land lacking in natural resources, we learned to appreciate our greatest national advantage: our minds. Through creativity and innovation, we transformed barren deserts into flourishing fields and pioneered new frontiers in science and technology.;Shimon Peres;science
Honest pioneer work in the field of science has always been, and will continue to be, life's pilot. On all sides, life is surrounded by hostility. This puts us under an obligation.;Wilhelm Reich;science
Enough people have now mentioned Bill Nye the Science Guy to me that I now desperately avoid it all costs.;Alton Brown;science
Acceptance of the power of God in one's life lays the groundwork for personal commitment to both science and Christianity, which so often have been in conflict.;Kenneth L. Pike;science
Science is a method to keep yourself from kidding yourself.;Edwin Land;science
It may be that everything the life science companies are telling us will turn out to be right, and there's no problem here whatsoever. That defies logic.;Jeremy Rifkin;science
I'm a huge fan of science fiction and fantasy - not so much horror because I get a bit scared.;Michael Sheen;science
My taste in watching things runs from dramas and low-budget films to high-end fantasy/science fiction.;Michael Sheen;science
I don't know anything about science.;Rachel Weisz;science
The media thinks that you have to make science sexy and concentrate on themes such as rivalry and the human issues.;James Dyson;science
I hate science fiction.;James Dyson;science
I think people are realizing that engineering and science are extremely good degrees to get and you'll be very highly paid once you've got them.;James Dyson;science
I'm not into politics but I am committed to a cause: ensuring design technology and engineering stays on the U.K. curriculum, alongside science and maths - grounding abstract theory, merging the practical with the academic.;James Dyson;science
My interest in film is sort of catholic - apart from science fiction and horror movies, I'll watch almost everything.;James Dyson;science
Design and technology should be the subject where mathematical brainboxes and science whizzkids turn their bright ideas into useful products.;James Dyson;science
If I can get some student interested in science, if I can show members of the general public what's going on up there in the space program, then my job's been done.;Christa McAuliffe;science
What I do is not rocket science, but I sure do love it.;Kyle Chandler;science
Science has nothing to be ashamed of even in the ruins of Nagasaki. The shame is theirs who appeal to other values than the human imaginative values which science has evolved.;Jacob Bronowski;science
That is the essence of science: ask an impertinent question, and you are on the way to a pertinent answer.;Jacob Bronowski;science
Science is spectral analysis. Art is light synthesis.;Karl Kraus;science
What we must understand is that the industries, processes, and inventions created by modern science can be used either to subjugate or liberate. The choice is up to us.;Henry A. Wallace;science
I'm an amateur science enthusiast. I'm not even a professional enthusiast. I don't know anything I never even passed biology in high school. But I read the science section of the newspaper.;Dave Eggers;science
I don't think there's a date minimum or maximum. I don't get the whole 'All right, you've got to wait three days to call after the date.' If I got a number from a girl, I'd call that night. There's no science to it for me. You just do what it is that you feel like doing.;Channing Tatum;science
Nature engenders the science of painting.;Robert Delaunay;science
When people think about computer science, they imagine people with pocket protectors and thick glasses who code all night.;Marissa Mayer;science
My father was my main influence. He was a preacher, but he was also a history and political science teacher, and since he was my hero, I wanted to follow in his footsteps and become a teacher.;David Soul;science
Unfortunately the global warming hysteria, as I see it, is driven by politics more than by science.;Freeman Dyson;science
Unfortunately things are different in climate science because the arguments have become heavily politicised. To say that the dogmas are wrong has become politically incorrect.;Freeman Dyson;science
The world of science and the world of literature have much in common. Each is an international club, helping to tie mankind together across barriers of nationality, race and language. I have been doubly lucky, being accepted as a member of both.;Freeman Dyson;science
What we see today is an American economy that has boomed because of policies and developments of the 1950s and '60s: the interstate-highway system, massive funding for science and technology, a public-education system that was the envy of the world and generous immigration policies.;Fareed Zakaria;science
Learn about the world, the way it works, any kind of science and anthropology, it's really an interesting place we live in. Evolution is a really fantastic idea, even more than the idea of God I think.;Randy Newman;science
The world has changed - through technology, through wine-making techniques, the quality of wine is greater than it's ever been. Whereas ten, fifteen years ago it was very easy to find lots of bad wine, it's kind of hard now. The technology, the science - it's like, are you kidding? We're in the golden years of wine!;Gary Vaynerchuk;science
Well, logos is science or reason, something that helps us to function practically and effectively in the world, and it must therefore be closely in tune and reflect accurately the realities of the world around us.;Karen Armstrong;science
Science has to be understood in its broadest sense, as a method for comprehending all observable reality, and not merely as an instrument for acquiring specialized knowledge.;Alexis Carrel;science
It is therefore not unreasonable to suppose that some portion of the neglect of science in England, may be attributed to the system of education we pursue.;Charles Babbage;science
Perhaps it would be better for science, that all criticism should be avowed.;Charles Babbage;science
That science has long been neglected and declining in England, is not an opinion originating with me, but is shared by many, and has been expressed by higher authority than mine.;Charles Babbage;science
The accumulation of skill and science which has been directed to diminish the difficulty of producing manufactured goods, has not been beneficial to that country alone in which it is concentrated distant kingdoms have participated in its advantages.;Charles Babbage;science
To those who have chosen the profession of medicine, a knowledge of chemistry, and of some branches of natural history, and, indeed, of several other departments of science, affords useful assistance.;Charles Babbage;science
I'd love to do a movie where the monster is human, where the issue is not otherworldly, or horror or science fiction.;J. J. Abrams;science
Science was something that really caught my attention. It was something I really could sink my teeth into.;Michael P. Anderson;science
