What they could do with 'round here is a good war. What else can you expect with peace running wild all over the place? You know what the trouble with peace is? No organization.;Bertolt Brecht;war
War is not merely a political act but a real political instrument, a continuation of political intercourse, a carrying out of the same by other means.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
My argument is that War makes rattling good history but Peace is poor reading.;Thomas Hardy;war
Our modern states are preparing for war without even knowing the future enemy.;Alfred Adler;war
To all those who walk the path of human cooperation war must appear loathsome and inhuman.;Alfred Adler;war
I couldn't be happier that President Bush has stood up for having served in the National Guard, because I can finally put an end to all those who questioned my motives for enlisting in the Army Reserve at the height of the Vietnam War.;Larry David;war
I hope my own children never have to fight a war.;George H. W. Bush;war
You can easily die racing to cover a bank robbery as you can in a war zone.;Jessica Savitch;war
My mom, Irmelin, taught me the value of life. Her own life was saved by my grandmother during World War II.;Leonardo DiCaprio;war
We experience problem-solving sessions as war zones, we view competing ideas as enemies, and we use problems as weapons to blame and defeat opposition forces. No wonder we can't come up with real lasting solutions!;Margaret J. Wheatley;war
We owe our World War II veterans - and all our veterans - a debt we can never fully repay.;Doc Hastings;war
For what can war, but endless war, still breed?;John Milton;war
A boy doesn't have to go to war to be a hero he can say he doesn't like pie when he sees there isn't enough to go around.;E. W. Howe;war
Yes, we love peace, but we are not willing to take wounds for it, as we are for war.;John Andrew Holmes;war
Being over seventy is like being engaged in a war. All our friends are going or gone and we survive amongst the dead and the dying as on a battlefield.;St. Jerome;war
No one ever said that fighting the war against terrorism and defending our homeland would be easy. So let's support our troops, law enforcement workers, and our mission to keep our nation and our children safe in the days and years to come.;Judy Biggert;war
War has become a luxury that only small nations can afford.;Hannah Arendt;war
Accurst be he that first invented war.;Christopher Marlowe;war
War is the continuation of politics by other means.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
Yes quaint and curious war is! You shoot a fellow down you'd treat if met where any bar is, or help to half-a-crown.;Thomas Hardy;war
War alone brings up to their highest tension all human energies and imposes the stamp of nobility upon the peoples who have the courage to make it.;Benito Mussolini;war
All the business of war, and indeed all the business of life, is to endeavour to find out what you don't know by what you do that's what I called 'guess what was at the other side of the hill'.;Duke of Wellington;war
What Churchill described as the twin marauders of war and tyranny have been almost entirely banished from our continent. Today, hundreds of millions dwell in freedom, from the Baltic to the Adriatic, from the Western Approaches to the Aegean.;David Cameron;war
The world will never have lasting peace so long as men reserve for war the finest human qualities. Peace, no less than war, requires idealism and self-sacrifice and a righteous and dynamic faith.;John Foster Dulles;war
There is nothing so subject to the inconstancy of fortune as war.;Miguel de Cervantes;war
Love and war are the same thing, and stratagems and policy are as allowable in the one as in the other.;Miguel de Cervantes;war
War makes strange giant creatures out of us little routine men who inhabit the earth.;Ernie Pyle;war
War is what happens when language fails.;Margaret Atwood;war
They are patriotic in time of war because it is to their interest to be so, but in time of peace they follow power and the dollar wherever they may lead.;Henry A. Wallace;war
The United States established itself as a trustworthy new nation in its first two decades after the Revolutionary War by paying its debts, even when many in the country believed it had no obligation to do so. Alexander Hamilton, the founder of this newspaper, insisted on it.;John Podhoretz;war
The idea that the rest of the world was somehow being held hostage by the Arab-Israeli conflict once had a minimal basis in reality. In the first 20 years of Israel's existence, every Arab country was in an active state of war with the Jewish state.;John Podhoretz;war
Hurtling the Pentagon into an unprecedented budgetary meltdown is horrifically irresponsible. Obama doesn't care. This is war - not against the Taliban, but war against the GOP. He has Republicans on the ropes, and that's a victory he savors and desires - unlike Afghanistan, where he seems only to want to turn tail.;John Podhoretz;war
And I'm a slow writer: five, six hundred words is a good day. That's the reason it took me 20 years to write those million and a half words of the Civil War.;Shelby Foote;war
War is just a racket... I believe in adequate defense at the coastline and nothing else.;Smedley Butler;war
I beg Osama to stop warring. He is a Muslim, and Islam means peace. Nobody wins in a war... I wish I were tapped in the problem about Iraq. I knew Saddam enough that I could have talked him into surrendering. But it's too late.;Imelda Marcos;war
My father was in the First World War.;Doris Lessing;war
When there's a war, people get married.;Doris Lessing;war
I wanted to write about my mother as she should have been if she had not been messed up by World War I.;Doris Lessing;war
You cannot avoid war in life, you cannot avoid the fear of terrorism, you cannot avoid those things now, they are a part of everyday demeanor.;John Mayer;war
Fantasy is toxic: the private cruelty and the world war both have their start in the heated brain.;Elizabeth Bowen;war
Weapons are an important factor in war, but not the decisive one it is man and not materials that counts.;Mao Zedong;war
Politics is war without bloodshed while war is politics with bloodshed.;Mao Zedong;war
Republicans have been losing the war of words for years now. Now they are just caving because they don't even want to try. I don't agree with that approach.;Herman Cain;war
The real trouble with war (modern war) is that it gives no one a chance to kill the right people.;Ezra Pound;war
Peace is produced by war.;Pierre Corneille;war
We have a war dictator who was not elected, he snuck in. so he punishes people that threaten him in any way, or even say something he doesn't like. It has no resemblance to democracy.;Joni Mitchell;war
And we love to dance, especially that new one called the Civil War Twist. The Northern part of you stands still while the Southern part tries to secede.;Dick Gregory;war
All war represents a failure of diplomacy.;Tony Benn;war
Black people have always been used as a buffer in this country between powers to prevent class war.;Toni Morrison;war
Fascism is a worldwide disease. Its greatest threat to the United States will come after the war, either via Latin America or within the United States itself.;Henry A. Wallace;war
Business is war. I go out there, I want to kill the competitors. I want to make their lives miserable. I want to steal their market share. I want them to fear me and I want everyone on my team thinking we're going to win.;Kevin O'Leary;war
I would not plan to base my campaign primarily on opposition to the war in the Persian Gulf.;George McGovern;war
The truth is that I oppose the Iraq war, just as I opposed the Vietnam War, because these two conflicts have weakened the U.S. and diminished our standing in the world and our national security.;George McGovern;war
When I was a youngster growing up in South Dakota, we never referred to the national debt, it was always referred to as the war debt because it stemmed from World War I.;George McGovern;war
When you try to find funding for a VVA function, it doesn't seem like it's any trouble at all. People come out of the woodwork with their money to help out because we went over and fought a war.;R. Lee Ermey;war
It is exactly because we are a city that embraces freedom, that welcomes everyone and encourages their dreams, that New York remains on the front lines in the war on terror.;Michael Bloomberg;war
Ironically, it is exactly because we are a city that embraces freedom, that welcomes everyone and encourages their dreams, that New York remains on the front lines in the war on terror.;Michael Bloomberg;war
My mother had a son from previous marriage and her husband died in Second World War.;Mikhail Baryshnikov;war
I cannot think of any circumstances in which a government can go to war without the support of parliament.;Tony Blair;war
Accursed be he that first invented war.;Christopher Marlowe;war
An empire founded by war has to maintain itself by war.;Charles de Montesquieu;war
Become an internationalist and learn to respect all life. Make war on machines. And in particular the sterile machines of corporate death and the robots that guard them.;Abbie Hoffman;war
Say what you want to say about the rest of his presidency, including his tone-deaf response to Katrina and a war waged in Iraq on false pretenses, Bush connected with Americans in the aftermath of 9/11 because he looked as frail and unforgiving as we felt.;Ron Fournier;war
Don't kid yourself. President Obama's decision to withdraw 33,000 troops from Afghanistan before he stands for reelection is not driven by the United States' 'position of strength' in the war zone as much as it is by grim economic and political realities at home.;Ron Fournier;war
I am an opponent of Saddam Hussein, but an opponent also, of the sanctions that have killed a million Iraqi children and an opponent of the United States' apparent desire to plunge the Middle East into a new and devastating war.;George Galloway;war
Many intelligence reports in war are contradictory even more are false, and most are uncertain.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
Politics is the womb in which war develops.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
Everything in war is very simple. But the simplest thing is difficult.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
Bad things do happen in the world, like war, natural disasters, disease. But out of those situations always arise stories of ordinary people doing extraordinary things.;Daryn Kagan;war
One certain effect of war is to diminish freedom of expression.;Howard Zinn;war
War itself is the enemy of the human race.;Howard Zinn;war
Monarchs ought to put to death the authors and instigators of war, as their sworn enemies and as dangers to their states.;Elizabeth I;war
Only the person who has experienced light and darkness, war and peace, rise and fall, only that person has truly experienced life.;Stefan Zweig;war
Well, I think everybody is frustrated by the finances of the U.N. and the inability to solve problems of war and peace.;George H. W. Bush;war
A bad peace is even worse than war.;Tacitus;war
I didn't know a time when there wasn't a war because I spent all my time from the age of two or three to eight in a coal cellar really.;David Bailey;war
The White House isn't the place to learn how to deal with international crisis, the balance of power, war and peace, and the economic future of the next generation.;Joe Biden;war
It is hard, I submit, to loathe bloodshed, including war, more than I do, but it is still harder to exceed my loathing of the very nature of totalitarian states in which massacre is only an administrative detail.;Vladimir Nabokov;war
Those who remember Washington's cold war culture in the 1980s will recall the shocked reactions to Reagan's intervention. People interested in foreign policy were astonished when in 1985 he met alone at Geneva - alone, not a single strategic thinker at his elbow! - with the Soviet Communist master Gorbachev.;Russell Baker;war
Vice stirs up war, virtue fights.;Luc de Clapiers;war
I've been to war, and it's not easy to kill. It's bloody and messy and totally horrifying, and the consequences are serious.;Oliver Stone;war
Just after World War II, this country led the world in science by every way you could measure it, yet the number of scientists was a tiny proportion of what it is now.;James Lovelock;war
As you may recall, Truman was extremely unpopular when he finally left Washington in 1953, thanks largely to the Korean War. Today, however, he is thought to have been a solidly good president, a 'Near Great' even, in the terminology of those surveys of historians they do every now and then.;Thomas Frank;war
Making peace, I have found, is much harder than making war.;Gerry Adams;war
Al Jazeera aired a new tape of Osama bin Laden. It was the usual stuff, he called Bush evil, the Great Satan, called him a war monger. Basically, the same thing you heard at last night's Democratic debate.;Jay Leno;war
These days, our senses are bombarded with aggression. We are constantly confronted with global images of unending, escalating war and violence.;Margaret J. Wheatley;war
You might hold an ethical position that it's wrong to lie, but if you have plans for a war in Iraq, and you want to keep them secret for practical reasons - to reduce casualties, perhaps - and someone asks you about those plans, you may need to lie for a 'good' outcome.;Peter Singer;war
Every day it becomes clearer that this was the wrong war at the wrong time.;Howard Dean;war
But does that mean that war and violence are inevitable? I would argue not because we have also evolved this amazingly sophisticated intellect, and we are capable of controlling our innate behavior a lot of the time.;Jane Goodall;war
The battle for the mind of Ronald Reagan was like the trench warfare of World War I: never have so many fought so hard for such barren terrain.;Peggy Noonan;war
It is the youth who must inherit the tribulation, the sorrow... that are the aftermath of war.;Herbert Hoover;war
We managed to put together a compilation that had some creativity to it. In the meantime I was listening to the free radio stations and I noticed that during their war coverage they were playing these songs born out of the Vietnam War that were all critical of the soldiers.;Joni Mitchell;war
The most disastrous phenomenon of the current situation is the factor that imperialism is employing for its own ends all the powers of the proletariat, all of its institutions and weapons, which its fighting vanguard has created for its war of liberation.;Clara Zetkin;war
The government's War on Poverty has transformed poverty from a short-term misfortune into a career choice.;Harry Browne;war
The war in Iraq, clearly has not turned out in the way that was hoped.;William Hague;war
I won't undertake war until I have tried all the arts and means of peace.;Francois Rabelais;war
We've finally given liberals a war against fundamentalism, and they don't want to fight it. They would except that it would put them on the same side as the United States.;Ann Coulter;war
If anything, we older people yearn for a peaceful world even more than young people do. We are the ones who lost friends or relatives in some war. We are the ones who have lived a lifetime of seeing and reading about human suffering.;Dennis Prager;war
The next war... may well bury Western civilization forever.;Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn;war
