We enter the world alone, we leave the world alone.;James Anthony Froude;alone
I have a grim outlook on the world, and in particular on humanity. Spent years denying it, but I am very misanthropic. And I live alone on a mountain for a reason.;Caleb Carr;alone
There is no one looking out for us. We are all alone.;M. Night Shyamalan;alone
Judaism is much more communal, and partly as a consequence of my religious switch, I am increasingly more suspicous of my previous view that what people do in the privacy of their own home is their business alone.;Luke Ford;alone
I'm throwing myself back in because I like being married. I don't want to end this whole fabulous journey alone. I want someone by my side who I love and who loves me. I've finally found somebody who's up to the task of being my wife, because I'm very high maintenance.;Neil Diamond;alone
Having gone through so many of the personal things I've gone through, its about creating an (online) space for girls to be heard. I don't profess to have all the answers. But Ask Elizabeth is a space where girls are not alone.;Elizabeth Berkley;alone
The private interest of the individual would not be sufficiently provided for by reasonable and cool self-love alone therefore the appetites and passions are placed within as a guard and further security, without which it would not be taken due care of.;Joseph Butler;alone
Men are beginning to realize that they are not individuals but persons in society, that man alone is weak and adrift, that he must seek strength in common action.;Dorothy Day;alone
As much as I long for a sort of security and consistency sometimes, I do enjoy sort of being busted around. I really don't know what's happening sometimes next week, let alone this year.;Matthew Macfadyen;alone
For a while I felt very alone sort of out there in the world of comics, especially here in the States.;Bill Sienkiewicz;alone
The U.S. cannot go it alone simply when it is convenient.;Susan Rice;alone
I would rather be alone and a loud voice for action than be silent.;Susan Rice;alone
But, if you observe children learning in their first few years of life, you can see that they can and do learn on their own - we leave them alone to crawl, walk, talk, and gain control over their bodies. It happens without much help from parents.;Daniel Greenberg;alone
She can't even chew gum and walk in a straight line, let alone write a book.;Liam Gallagher;alone
That song is a story that shows how easily you could get slipped into being labeled as the bad guy, even though what you really trying to do is tell the bad guy to leave you alone.;Slick Rick;alone
No matter how fast I could do it with the digital camera I don't think I would get the same thing out of it. The passion I have for formulating an idea stands alone. It is the important essence of what I do.;Kim Weston;alone
Taste is the fundamental quality which sums up all the other qualities. It is the nec plus ultra of the intelligence. Through this alone is genius the supreme health and balance of all the faculties.;Isidore Ducasse Lautreamont;alone
I think we need one recognized, respected public figure to make a tough, blunt statement on just what Reagan's record is and what he might do to the country, let alone the Republican Party before Christmas.;Robert Teeter;alone
There is nothing like being left alone again, to walk peacefully with oneself in the woods. To boil one's coffee and fill one's pipe, and to think idly and slowly as one does it.;Knut Hamsun;alone
Hungary is, in a word, in a state of WAR against the Hapsburg dynasty, a war of legitimate defence, by which alone it can ever regain independence and freedom.;Lajos Kossuth;alone
The power that is supported by force alone will have cause often to tremble.;Lajos Kossuth;alone
Highly educated young people are tutored, taught and monitored in all aspects of their lives, except the most important, which is character building. When it comes to this, most universities leave them alone.;David Brooks;alone
The Holy Spirit alone can do this, the Holy Spirit alone can establish this link with one's neighbor.;Jacques Ellul;alone
When I was working on Eye of the Beholder, I played a character who is so aloof that my whole lifestyle became very aloof. If someone knocked on my door, there was a part of me that went into a rage, because I wanted to be isolated and alone.;Ashley Judd;alone
I have a responsibility to nurture and shepherd my talent and when I'm living the parts of my life not related to that I feel I have the right to be left alone.;Ashley Judd;alone
Both my husband and I give a lot of ourselves in what we do because that is our public lives but in my private life, I have an intrinsic right to be left alone.;Ashley Judd;alone
President Johnson did not want the Vietnam War to broaden. He wanted the North Vietnamese to leave their brothers in the South alone.;William Westmoreland;alone
In the last 5 years, American employers have lost over $150 billion of productivity to depression alone. That is more than the GDP of 28 different States during the same period.;Patrick J. Kennedy;alone
The writing is really hard. You're alone. It really pulls it out of you. You pull it out of your head. But when you're a director, you're shopping - you're picking this actor, you're picking this scene. It's like the most intense kinetic high-speed shopping of all time. You sit in a chair and it will all come rushing at you like a wind tunnel.;Tony Gilroy;alone
Looking back on those games, I probably hustled out of position as much as I hustled into position since I really never had any real training. I was working on instincts alone.;Jim Evans;alone
There's this thing of you can live in a city and be completely alone, not notice anything going on around you.;Simon Pegg;alone
There are actually quite high profile British TV star cameos in it that you probably wouldn't even notice, that the British wouldn't even notice, let alone the American audience.;Simon Pegg;alone
Scholarship was one thing, drudgery another. I very soon concluded that nothing would induce me to read, let alone make notes on, hundreds and hundreds of very, very, very boring books.;Simon Raven;alone
In our open society, we are inclined to give to the less fortunate for the pure goodness of giving. We open our home to those who are alone on this holiday to spread some warmth into the life of another.;Jeff Miller;alone
I used to wonder if it was God's plan that I should be alone for so much of my life. But I found peace. I found happiness within people and the world.;Lana Del Rey;alone
Remember, the burden of sorrow is doubled when it is borne alone.;Goran Persson;alone
I don't like to produce albums. I hate producing albums, as a matter of fact, because I'm an obsessed mixer and I can't leave it alone.;David Friedman;alone
You watch an old 'Jeopardy!' and the categories alone are very plain. 'Poetry,' or 'Movies,' or 'Physics.' If you watch it now, though, there'll be a theme board where the categories are all Hitchcock movies. Lots more jokes, lots more high-concept categories and questions.;Ken Jennings;alone
He never is alone that is accompanied with noble thoughts.;John Fletcher;alone
Acquire the habit of speaking to God as if you were alone with Him, familiarly and with confidence and love, as to the dearest and most loving of friends.;Alphonsus Liguori;alone
We are ultimately alone in that we are ultimately responsible for ourselves.;Robert Zemeckis;alone
Iran has long sponsored terrorists who carry out homicide bombings in Israeli cities. However, it is a mistake to believe the danger Iran poses is directed at Israel alone.;John Doolittle;alone
On the one hand, shopping is dependable: You can do it alone, if you lose your heart to something that is wrong for you, you can return it it's instant gratification and yet something you buy may well last for years.;Judith Krantz;alone
That is, we believed, the supreme duty of the parent, who only was permitted to claim in some degree the priestly office and function, since it is his creative and protecting power which alone approaches the solemn function of Deity.;Charles Eastman;alone
Israel is no longer a people that dwells alone, and has to join the global journey toward peace, reconciliation and international cooperation.;Yitzhak Rabin;alone
I had never walked on the street alone when I was growing up in Calcutta, up to age 20. I had never handled money. You know, there was always a couple of bodyguards behind me, who took care if I wanted... I needed pencils for school, I needed a notebook, they were the ones who were taking out the money. I was constantly guarded.;Bharati Mukherjee;alone
It can be kind of gruesome at times, making things alone.;Jenny Holzer;alone
It's necessary to start most work alone. But I'm tickled to death when I can pull somebody in or join someone, whether it's borrowing poetry or traveling with an associate.;Jenny Holzer;alone
I don't understand the Democrats' approach to Social Security in this country, and I'm not alone.;William Weld;alone
And I don't have any specific steps to take because I don't start the same way every time. But there is a knowing when it's enough and you can leave it alone.;Bruce Nauman;alone
I love photo sessions. I'm alone, I'm the queen, everyone's taking care of me.;Eva Herzigova;alone
The whole kiss-and-tell thing is a negative approach that often happens in a World Cup. We will see negative stories about the players and it can affect their confidence and the overall performance of the national team on the pitch, let alone the bid to actually stage the competition.;Gary Lineker;alone
What We want is to make it possible for our unfortunate people to live a life of industry for it is by steady work alone that we hope for our physical and moral rehabilitation. For this reason above all we have undertaken to rally our people around our ideal.;Theodor Herzl;alone
And you know when I was growing up, I knew I wanted to have kids, but I knew I didn't want to do it alone. Then once I was 41, 42, I had to accept that I probably wouldn't have kids unless I decided to adopt later on, but even then it would be with a partner.;Rachel Dratch;alone
If there's ever an example that military power alone cannot be successful in Afghanistan, I think it was the Soviet experience.;Robert M. Gates;alone
It is very frightening to feel alone when you are standing against a rich and powerful person and all his attendant helpers.;Gloria Allred;alone
I think the Mother is gradually revealing itself to me and taking over. But it is not the Mother alone. It is the Mother and the Father, the male and the female, sort of gradually having their marriage.;Bede Griffiths;alone
When anything goes digital, let alone something as immaterial as a book, there is a tendency to see it as just in the air to be taken, and to lose the sense that somebody once made it.;Graham Swift;alone
There's a sense of aliveness that comes from connection, shared experience. And you see it in every place. You see it when ball players jump up and down, gather at home plate, hugging, and it's not just because they're winning, it's that shared moment, that feeling of - we enter the world alone, we leave alone.;Peter Guber;alone
Traditionally, Medicare's assurance has been that for the elderly and persons with disabilities that they will not be alone when confronted with the full burden of their health care costs.;Mike Fitzpatrick;alone
Myspace alone has just over 80 million users and ranks as the sixth most popular English language website and the eighth most popular site in the world.;Mike Fitzpatrick;alone
I never thought a basketball shoe would be named after a woman, let alone me.;Sheryl Swoopes;alone
Always the aim for me is making people feel like they are not alone. That's just the greatest feeling.;Zooey Deschanel;alone
Man, I hate to get depressing on you, but I don't have a game. I'm so alone, so depressed, so dark, no.;Jason Schwartzman;alone
Strength alone knows conflict, weakness is born vanquished.;Sophie Swetchine;alone
If you think spreading money around by force seems like an odd definition of fairness, you're not alone.;Arthur C. Brooks;alone
When you see a struggle that you may be having personally put on a big screen and in a roomful of people, then it makes you feel less crazy or alone, because you're seeing that other people are dealing with it too. You get to see in this imaginary scenario how people might try and answer some questions or deal with some problems.;Michael Shannon;alone
It is my personality alone that has brought back the waltz and made it a global craze.;Andre Rieu;alone
I have always had a sense that we are all pretty much alone in life, particularly in adolescence.;Robert Cormier;alone
For people who are really talented, what you don't say becomes extremely important. You have to judge what to say and what to leave alone so you can let the talent develop.;Itzhak Perlman;alone
Time and space - time to be alone, space to move about - these may well become the great scarcities of tomorrow.;Edwin Way Teale;alone
We are never the same with others as when we are alone. We are different, even when we are in the dark with them.;Maurice Maeterlinck;alone
You ask me if I will not be glad when the last battle is fought, so far as the country is concerned I, of course, must wish for peace, and will be glad when the war is ended, but if I answer for myself alone, I must say that I shall regret to see the war end.;George Armstrong Custer;alone
The population forecast for the United States in 1970 is 170 million. The population forecast for Russia alone in 1970 is 251 million. The implications are clear.;Emanuel Celler;alone
I do read books. I suppose it's more or less the same thing, but at least I'm alone and I'm an individual. I can stop anytime I want, which I frequently do.;Jack Vance;alone
I've always been shocked and waiting-for-the-other-shoe-to-drop that a girl would ever talk to me, let alone want to marry me. They always seem to hold the power to me, and from my mother to my wife to my daughter, every time I try to really figure them out, and think I've got them pegged, I pay for it.;Andrew Stanton;alone
I talked about the barriers created by monopolies. I said that it was the role of government to break up these monopolies and that we couldn't do it alone.;Joichi Ito;alone
Most photographers work best alone, myself included.;Elliott Erwitt;alone
It proved easier to buy the farm to get the mineral rights than to buy the coal rights alone.;Orville Redenbacher;alone
No matter how close to yours another's steps have grown, in the end there is one dance you'll do alone.;Jackson Browne;alone
Absolute truth belongs to Thee alone.;Gotthold Ephraim Lessing;alone
Research and development needs permanent tax credits to build the technology that spurs our growth. But no government programs alone can get America's students to study more science and math parents must push and help their children to meet this goal.;Ernest Istook;alone
The next thing I wrote was in a writing class at night school. It was about a poor woman who worked at a dime store and who was all alone for Christmas in Laurel, Mississippi.;Beth Henley;alone
My brother and Lauren are very close with me and they are in Sun Valley, so sometimes I need to go there and feel their presence. And there are times I need to see my bro' alone.;Picabo Street;alone
What's important is promising something to the people, not actually keeping those promises. The people have always lived on hope alone.;Hermann Broch;alone
For a while I couldn't leave the house by myself. Even if I was just grocery shopping alone, I'd get self-conscious.;Shannen Doherty;alone
Words alone cannot fully convey the realities of the soul or the greatness of the human spirit.;William Shirley;alone
Let there be no mistake. A gay man alone could never begin to replicate the inner workings of the female mind.;Michael Patrick King;alone
The great increase of our population throughout the Union will alone produce an important effect, and in no quarter will it be so sensibly felt as in those in contemplation.;James Monroe;alone
Alone is a much better film than House of the Dead and better than most horror movies out today.;Uwe Boll;alone
I think Alone in the Dark was too much an action creature movie than a horror creature movie.;Uwe Boll;alone
When I'm online, I'm alone in a room, tapping on a keyboard, staring at a cathode-ray tube.;Clifford Stoll;alone
I like to have a massage therapist come to my house, get a massage, take a bath, go to bed. That's a perfect night alone for me.;Stacy Keibler;alone
I'm fortunate that I've been in this business long enough that I've earned the right to be left alone by my record company.;Don Henley;alone
We are very anxious to bring the Jews of Morocco over and we are doing all we can to achieve this. But we cannot count on the Jews of Morocco alone to build the country, because they have not been educated for this.;Moshe Sharett;alone
When I work alone, it can be like dabbling with a canvas. Maybe you paint over bits, and it starts to form its own life and lead you off in a direction. It becomes an intuitive, subconscious process.;Lindsey Buckingham;alone
When I work alone, my process is like painting. With Fleetwood Mac, it's more like movie making.;Lindsey Buckingham;alone
Success doesn't necessarily come from breakthrough innovation but from flawless execution. A great strategy alone won't win a game or a battle the win comes from basic blocking and tackling.;Naveen Jain;alone
Some people can sometimes really invade your space and kind of never leave you alone.;Julia Louis-Dreyfus;alone
