I don't find Hollywood interesting, so I'm thinking of studying architecture instead.;Hayden Christensen;architecture
Architecture is a art when one consciously or unconsciously creates aesthetic emotion in the atmosphere and when this environment produces well being.;Luis Barragan;architecture
Every one who has a heart, however ignorant of architecture he may be, feels the transcendent beauty and poetry of the mediaeval churches.;Goldwin Smith;architecture
Yet for my part, deeply as I am moved by the religious architecture of the Middle Ages, I cannot honestly say that I ever felt the slightest emotion in any modern Gothic church.;Goldwin Smith;architecture
Winning a competition in architecture is a ticket to oblivion. It's just an idea. Ninety-nine per cent never get built.;Daniel Libeskind;architecture
I studied architecture in New York. So, really I was very moved, like everyone else, to try to contribute something that has that resonance and profundity of it means to all of us.;Daniel Libeskind;architecture
Writing about music is like dancing about architecture.;Martin Mull;architecture
When I'm in London, Claridge's is a great favourite. I'm a big fan of art deco architecture and the rooms are extraordinary.;Roman Coppola;architecture
I take a lot from everywhere. I take from music, architecture, novels, and plays. Anywhere that hits you.;Alex Winter;architecture
I've never owned an Apple product. I like the fact that PCs are open architecture and not locked down like Apple products. I feel that Macs are also unjustifiably overpriced.;Oren Peli;architecture
I've always liked traveling around Europe and seeing the architecture. The buildings in capital cities have been there for hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of years. Some look better than the new ones.;Joe Elliott;architecture
At this present time, matter is still the best way to think of architecture, but I'm not so sure for very long. The computer is radicalizing the way we think about our world.;Ben Nicholson;architecture
If you're into architecture and you're from the West, everything is hors d'oeuvres for working to rebuild the Temple. Ultimately you're led there. You can't escape it.;Ben Nicholson;architecture
You can just drift unhappily towards this vision of heaven on earth, and ultimately that is what architecture is a vision of: Heaven on earth, at it's best.;Ben Nicholson;architecture
The intellectual architecture means focusing on doing great work instead of focusing on agency politics.;Jay Chiat;architecture
The team architecture means setting up an organization that helps people produce that great work in teams.;Jay Chiat;architecture
One of my favorite vacation places is Miami, because of the people, the water and the beach - of course - and the architecture on Miami Beach is so wonderful.;Oksana Baiul;architecture
I would fix other people's lines if they asked me on occasion. The hard part of writing is the architecture of it, getting the story and structuring it. Not the tweaking of lines.;William Devane;architecture
But those musics do not address the larger kind of architecture in time that classical music does, whatever each one of us knows that classical music must mean.;Michael Tilson Thomas;architecture
I quit college. I was studying architecture for about a year.;Barry Mann;architecture
It is not with architecture that one can disseminate any political ideology.;Oscar Niemeyer;architecture
Architecture will always express the technical and social progress of the country in which it is carried out. If we wish to give it the human content that it lacks, we must participate in the political struggle.;Oscar Niemeyer;architecture
Architecture is my work, and I've spent my whole life at a drawing board, but life is more important than architecture. What matters is to improve human beings.;Oscar Niemeyer;architecture
Architecture is invention.;Oscar Niemeyer;architecture
When I write now I do not invent situation, characters, or actions, but rather structures and discursive forms, textual groupings which are combined according to secret affinities among themselves, as in architecture or the plastic arts.;Juan Goytisolo;architecture
The organizational architecture is really that a centipede walks on hundred legs and one or two don't count. So if I lose one or two legs, the process will go on, the organization will go on, the growth will go on.;Mukesh Ambani;architecture
Does it follow that the house has nothing in common with art and is architecture not to be included in the arts? Only a very small part of architecture belongs to art: the tomb and the monument. Everything else that fulfils a function is to be excluded from the domain of art.;Adolf Loos;architecture
Architecture is involved with the world, but at the same time it has a certain autonomy. This autonomy cannot be explained in terms of traditional logic because the most interesting parts of the work are non-verbal. They operate within the terms of the work, like any art.;Thom Mayne;architecture
I'm often called an old-fashioned modernist. But the modernists had the absurd idea that architecture could heal the world. That's impossible. And today nobody expects architects to have these grand visions any more.;Thom Mayne;architecture
The aesthetic of architecture has to be rooted in a broader idea about human activities like walking, relaxing and communicating. Architecture thinks about how these activities can be given added value.;Thom Mayne;architecture
You might say that when you step inside, you're entering a honorific space, but that's something totally different than experiencing it. And in architecture the experience comes first. That has the deepest effect on us.;Thom Mayne;architecture
In my experience, if you have to keep the lavatory door shut by extending your left leg, it's modern architecture.;Nancy Banks Smith;architecture
I love a lot of things, and I'm pretty much obsessive about most things I do, whether it be gardening, or architecture, or music. I'd be an obsessive hairdresser.;Gates McFadden;architecture
Doctrines provide an architecture for both Republican and Democrat presidents to carry out policies.;Malcolm Wallop;architecture
That Moorish architecture is all over the place, of course. It affects me everywhere I see it, as it does so many people. But Brand Library was a special place to me, and I know I've paid homage to it many times in my drawings.;Jim Woodring;architecture
Information and inspiration are everywhere... history, art, architecture, everything an illustrator needs. Europe is, after all, the land that has generated most of the enduring myths and legends of Western culture.;John Howe;architecture
Once I got out of architecture school I decided not to be an architect, I just started my own little design studio.;Joseph Kosinski;architecture
I went to school for engineering, I studied jazz. So I always had this kind of creative side and technical side, and I thought architecture might be the way to combine them, so I went to architecture school in New York.;Joseph Kosinski;architecture
An important work of architecture will create polemics.;Richard Meier;architecture
The same sort of thing happened in my dispute with the National Trust book: Follies: A National Trust Guide, which implied that the only pleasure you can get from Folly architecture is by calling the architect mad, and by laughing at the architecture.;Ian Hamilton Finlay;architecture
I was a student at Columbia College, actually, in the Architecture school. Paul would drive in from Queens, showing me these new songs. I can't remember us working it out.;Art Garfunkel;architecture
After about the first Millennium, Italy was the cradle of Romanesque architecture, which spread throughout Europe, much of it extending the structural daring with minimal visual elaboration.;Harry Seidler;architecture
After World War II great strides were made in modern Japanese architecture, not only in advanced technology, allowing earthquake resistant tall buildings, but expressing and infusing characteristics of traditional Japanese architecture in modern buildings.;Harry Seidler;architecture
The job of buildings is to improve human relations: architecture must ease them, not make them worse.;Ralph Erskine;architecture
But I feel truly wowed by the architecture and the meaning of the architecture if you get lost in it and think about the man hours in the smallest little chapel, and the love involved. God it's fantastic.;Paul Bettany;architecture
There was an age, however, when the transition from savagery to civilization, with all its impressive outward manifestations in art and architecture, took place for the first time.;James H. Breasted;architecture
I think that narrative, fiction filmmaking is the culmination of several art forms: theater, art history, architecture. Whereas doc filmmaking is more pure cinema, like cinema verite is film in its purest form.;George Hickenlooper;architecture
I was going to be an architect. I graduated with a degree in architecture and I had a scholarship to go back to Princeton and get my Masters in architecture. I'd done theatricals in college, but I'd done them because it was fun.;James Stewart;architecture
But after the time there I'd had it with fashion again, so I left to go to architecture school in a summer course at Harvard, which didn't last very long.;Stephen Sprouse;architecture
Architecture can't fully represent the chaos and turmoil that are part of the human personality, but you need to put some of that turmoil into the architecture, or it isn't real.;Frank Stella;architecture
I would like to attend college in the future when I have time. I have always been interested in architecture, so perhaps I would pursue a degree in that or business.;James Maslow;architecture
You look at the steamboat, the railroad, the car, the airplane - not all of these were invented in the Anglo-American world, but they were popularized and extended by it. They were made possible by the financial architecture, the capital intensive operations invented and developed by the Anglo-Americans.;Walter Russell Mead;architecture
What's fascinating about D.C., the exteriors are these elaborate structures, this gorgeous architecture and beautiful stonework, and then you go inside and it's crap-looking - apart from the White House, which is beautiful.;Tony Hale;architecture
I acquired an admiration for Japanese culture, art, and architecture, and learned of the existence of the game of GO, which I still play.;Philip Warren Anderson;architecture
I would've been intrigued by being a film director. I would've been intrigued by politics. I thought about architecture.;Charlie Rose;architecture
There is a lot of interest in the arts, music, theatre, filmmaking, engineering, architecture and software design. I think we have now transitioned the modern-day version of the entrepreneur into the creative economy.;John Baldacci;architecture
I like things that are kind of eclectic, when one thing doesn't go with another. That's why I love Rome. The town itself is that way. It's where Fascist architecture meets classic Renaissance, where the ancient bangs up against the contemporary. It has a touch of everything. That's my style, and that's what my work is about.;Giambattista Valli;architecture
I feel however, that we architects have a special duty and mission... (to contribute) to the socio-cultural development of architecture and urban planning.;Kenzo Tange;architecture
There is a powerful need for symbolism, and that means the architecture must have something that appeals to the human heart. There is a powerful need for symbolism, and that means the architecture must have something that appeals to the human heart.;Kenzo Tange;architecture
Technological considerations are of great importance to architecture and cities in the informational society.;Kenzo Tange;architecture
Opera, next to Gothic architecture, is one of the strangest inventions of Western man. It could not have been foreseen by any logical process.;Kenneth Clark;architecture
I don't believe in morality in architecture.;Michael Graves;architecture
I have no requirements for a style of architecture.;Michael Graves;architecture
I see architecture not as Gropius did, as a moral venture, as truth, but as invention, in the same way that poetry or music or painting is invention.;Michael Graves;architecture
The dialogue of architecture has been centered too long around the idea of truth.;Michael Graves;architecture
The rules of navigation never navigated a ship. The rules of architecture never built a house.;Thomas Reid;architecture
Each new situation requires a new architecture.;Jean Nouvel;architecture
I like to play with architecture! It's my favorite game.;Jean Nouvel;architecture
I think architecture has to be a gift.;Jean Nouvel;architecture
What is being called the UN 'gender architecture' is more like a shack. Women need a bigger global house if equality is ever to become a reality.;Charlotte Bunch;architecture
Architecture is politics.;Mitchell Kapor;architecture
What has happened to architecture since the second world war that the only passers-by who can contemplate it without pain are those equipped with a white stick and a dog?;Bernard Levin;architecture
First, there is the bare beauty of the logs themselves with their long lines and firm curves. Then there is the open charm felt of the structural features which are not hidden under plaster and ornament, but are clearly revealed, a charm felt in Japanese architecture.;Gustav Stickley;architecture
Architecture aims at Eternity.;Christopher Wren;architecture
Revived in this country the long forgotten beauties of Gothic architecture.;James Wyatt;architecture
Any work of architecture that has with it some discussion, some polemic, I think is good. It shows that people are interested, people are involved.;Richard Meier;architecture
There will never be great architects or great architecture without great patrons.;Edwin Lutyens;architecture
The architecture of our future is not only unfinished the scaffolding has hardly gone up.;George Lamming;architecture
True art is characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist.;Albert Einstein;art
If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint,' then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced.;Vincent Van Gogh;art
The highest art is always the most religious, and the greatest artist is always a devout person.;Abraham Lincoln;art
The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance.;Aristotle;art
A work of art is the unique result of a unique temperament.;Oscar Wilde;art
The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls.;Pablo Picasso;art
No great artist ever sees things as they really are. If he did, he would cease to be an artist.;Oscar Wilde;art
Without tradition, art is a flock of sheep without a shepherd. Without innovation, it is a corpse.;Winston Churchill;art
Every artist was first an amateur.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;art
The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude.;Friedrich Nietzsche;art
Art is the most intense mode of individualism that the world has known.;Oscar Wilde;art
Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time.;Thomas Merton;art
In art, the hand can never execute anything higher than the heart can imagine.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;art
Life imitates art far more than art imitates Life.;Oscar Wilde;art
A guilty conscience needs to confess. A work of art is a confession.;Albert Camus;art
This world is but a canvas to our imagination.;Henry David Thoreau;art
An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision.;James Whistler;art
Art is a step from what is obvious and well-known toward what is arcane and concealed.;Khalil Gibran;art
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep.;Scott Adams;art
A picture is worth a thousand words.;Napoleon Bonaparte;art
If you do not breathe through writing, if you do not cry out in writing, or sing in writing, then don't write, because our culture has no use for it.;Anais Nin;art
