In every character I play, I try to imbibe something. Every film is a learning process for me.;Ajay Naidu;learning
By learning about my body and making small, subtle changes, I find out what I enjoy and what is effective. I'm always finessing: adjusting my diet and my workouts. You have to figure out which exercises are fun and interesting and stimulate your brain - or else you'll never keep at them.;Lisa Edelstein;learning
Yes, it is a rehearsed show, yes, it was analogy of going to see a play at the theatre, where everything has to be in place and whole things, everything being works, all works together to get the best effect you know it's more like an actor learning a part.;John Deacon;learning
Information is a source of learning. But unless it is organized, processed, and available to the right people in a format for decision making, it is a burden, not a benefit.;William Pollard;learning
And later I thought, I can't think how anyone can become a director without learning the craft of cinematography.;Nicolas Roeg;learning
You only stop learning when you quit.;Ruud Gullit;learning
But by taking the time away, getting myself off the treadmill, and just slowing down and learning, I felt I had so much more to give back. And maybe that was something that needed to happen for all of us.;Lindsey Buckingham;learning
I've never stopped learning.;Mick Taylor;learning
The world is the true classroom. The most rewarding and important type of learning is through experience, seeing something with our own eyes.;Jack Hanna;learning
I worked hard learning harmony and theory when I was growing up in Chicago in the 1920s.;Lionel Hampton;learning
I learned what I need to do in the long jump, what I needed to do in the javelin and I've been able to rectify those events. It's been a bit of a learning curve, which is good.;Jessica Ennis;learning
I can look back at stuff I wrote in my early days and squirm at some of the mistakes I made. But we're all learning every day we never stop. I just hope people keep on liking what I do. That gives me such a kick.;Paul Kane;learning
But the basic Taoism that we are concerned with here is simply a particular way of appreciating, learning from, and working with whatever happens in everyday life.;Benjamin Hoff;learning
Rich people without wisdom and learning are but sheep with golden fleeces.;Solon;learning
Basketball, in America, is like a culture. It is like a foreigner learning a new language. It is difficult to learn foreign languages and it will also be difficult for me to learn the culture for basketball here.;Yao Ming;learning
Most organizations should be pro-active, but philanthropists concerned with poverty should deliberately be reactive, learning from the efforts of ordinary folks who tired of looking the other way as their communities fell apart.;Marvin Olasky;learning
I loved education, and, yes, I did want to go on learning.;Arthur Hailey;learning
I have two different categories of favorite films. One is the emotional favorites, which means these are generally films that I saw when I was a kid anything you see in your formative years is more powerful, because it really stays with you forever. The second category is films that I saw while I was learning the craft of motion pictures.;John Carpenter;learning
The fact is that the learning process goes on, and so long as the voices are not stilled and the singers go on singing some of it gets through.;Morris West;learning
Learning gives us a fuller conviction of the imperfections of our nature which one would think, might dispose us to modesty.;Jeremy Collier;learning
We have been learning since we were children how to make money, buy things, build things. The whole education system is set up to teach us how to think, not to feel.;Yakov Smirnoff;learning
I'm forever learning and that's why I'm always able to create new styles and new dimensions of hip-hop.;Doug E. Fresh;learning
There is no such whetstone, to sharpen a good wit and encourage a will to learning, as is praise.;Roger Ascham;learning
All mankind is now learning that these nuclear weapons can only serve to destroy, never become beneficial.;Alva Myrdal;learning
It's tempting to say the Ph.D. didn't have an effect, but it's not so. I think whatever resonance I may be able to achieve is in part simply from the amount of reading and learning that I acquired along the way.;Robert B. Parker;learning
I saw why people died and how they died. I saw gunshot wounds and liver failure. It was a good learning experience, so I came regularly on weekends and holidays.;Michael Baden;learning
Also, they don't understand - writing is language. The use of language. The language to create image, the language to create drama. It requires a skill of learning how to use language.;John Milius;learning
I think that obstacles lead to growth and ultimately, the most learning I've done in my life is between jobs.;Anthony Michael Hall;learning
Whatever the medium, there is the difficulty, challenge, fascination and often productive clumsiness of learning a new method: the wonderful puzzles and problems of translating with new materials.;Helen Frankenthaler;learning
That first year at Universal was a big blur and, naturally, I thought they were wasting me. I didn't realize at the time that I was learning my craft and acting more easily in front of the camera.;Kent McCord;learning
If this validates anything, it's that learning how to bunt and hit and run and turning two is more important than knowing where to find the little red light at the dug out camera.;Ryne Sandberg;learning
My teachers helped guide and motivate me but the responsibility of learning was left with me, an approach to learning which was later reinforced by my experiences at Amherst.;Joseph Stiglitz;learning
Ignorance of what real learning is, and a consequent suspicion of it materialism, and a consequent intellectual laxity, both of these have done destructive work in the colleges.;Katharine Fullerton Gerould;learning
Football management is such a pressurised thing - horseracing is a release. I'm also learning to play the piano - I'm quite determined - it's another release from the pressure of my job.;Alex Ferguson;learning
One of our key strategies has been to restructure traditional high schools into small learning communities with personalized attention and a range of options.;Thomas Menino;learning
I've always had better luck learning things on my own. And I really love the challenge of doing it yourself and kind of being alone against the system.;Oren Peli;learning
A basic rule of life for reporters is that you should spend your time talking with and learning about people who are not sending you press releases, rather than those who are.;James Fallows;learning
Learning how to fly, for me, was so euphoric.;Hilary Swank;learning
You go on these Internet blogs and people say the meanest things. I'm a normal person. Just because I'm in the spotlight doesn't mean I'm God's gift to the world. I'm learning and making mistakes just like every other 17-year-old girl out there.;Hayden Panettiere;learning
I spend so much time with the brightest and most talented and well-rounded people. I've had the privilege of having long and very intellectual conversations with people, and sometimes I just sit there and listen. It's like a better version of a class. Even though I'm not sitting at a desk and in school, I'm still learning all the time.;Hayden Panettiere;learning
Hopefully with each thing that you do you're learning something, you're growing, and you're pushing yourself a little harder in some way or another. So I think you'd be in real trouble if each new thing that you create didn't feel like 'Oh, wow. I feel like I'm doing something a little different this time.';Rian Johnson;learning
You have to learn and keep learning.;Gil Scott-Heron;learning
The best part of learning any profession, when you're really going through those huge stretching escalated times of learning and energy, is when you want to do it so much.;Diane Cilento;learning
Even though Raster Blaster was only a video game, I was learning about designing stuff. I got good at drawing.;Bill Budge;learning
Diligent as one must be in learning, one must be as diligent in forgetting otherwise the process is one of pedantry, not culture.;Albert J. Nock;learning
Concerning culture as a process, one would say that it means learning a great many things and then forgetting them and the forgetting is as necessary as the learning.;Albert J. Nock;learning
Learning has always been made much of, but forgetting has always been deprecated therefore pedantry has pretty well established itself throughout the modern world at the expense of culture.;Albert J. Nock;learning
Perhaps the prevalence of pedantry may be largely accounted for by the common error of thinking that, because useful knowledge should be remembered, any kind of knowledge that is at all worth learning should be remembered too.;Albert J. Nock;learning
There is a learning quality in all of our shows.;Trisha Goddard;learning
I felt that if there wasn't going to be a good opportunity, then I would just go back to second units which I love, keep working with great directors, keep learning and knowing that the opportunity would come when the time was right.;David R. Ellis;learning
It's interesting to do other people's music - that's how I learned to play, by learning other people's songs. It's nice to delve into how other people got to where they are.;Meshell Ndegeocello;learning
The hardest thing was learning to write. I was 13, and the only writing I had done was for Social Studies. It consisted of copying passages right out of the encyclopedia.;Tracy Kidder;learning
I'm most interested in working and learning from different people and telling good stories.;Marguerite Moreau;learning
Since its founding in 1854, Penn State has proven to be a leading institution of higher learning.;Tim Holden;learning
We're learning as we go. We're a lot smarter this time. We understand what it takes to mobilize away from the threat of a hurricane.;Ray Nagin;learning
It's not just about filming, you go to awards and interviews too. I enjoy all of it, even learning my lines!;Christopher Parker;learning
I have six sisters, so I assumed I'd have a girl. Learning I was having a boy was really weird.;Melissa Joan Hart;learning
Learning something new is fun.;Alex Trebek;learning
Doing a documentary is about discovering, being open, learning, and following curiosity.;Spike Jonze;learning
I've been making sushi for 38 years, and I'm still learning. You have to consider the size and color of the ingredients, how much salt and vinegar to use and how the seasons affect the fattiness of the fish.;Masaharu Morimoto;learning
I grew up in a time when being a musician and learning to be a musician was actually very wonderful.;Bobby McFerrin;learning
We have a lot of existing customers which are also considering Linux desktop migrations and rolling out some of these programs, so we're learning from them.;Miguel de Icaza;learning
Well, immediately we announced yesterday or the day before we're building, with my foundation, a youth tennis and learning center in Austin. I'd like to be hands on with that and not see it periodically.;Andy Roddick;learning
I didn't go to film school so my learning was done out in public and showed up on the screen.;Jonathan Demme;learning
I began learning the sportswriting business very early in life.;Dick Schaap;learning
To the Kenyan families, school doesn't really matter because none of them are going on to college. Almost all of drop out of school and so, they're spending their time learning things that are important to them.;Robert Sternberg;learning
Be curious, learn and read as much as you can about food. Don't worry about making money. Focus on learning at various venues before you settle down for a steady position.;Rocco DiSpirito;learning
You made a lot of mistakes, and you wrote a lot of crap. But it was all part of the learning process.;Cynthia Weil;learning
Learning by doing, peer-to-peer teaching, and computer simulation are all part of the same equation.;Nicholas Negroponte;learning
The laptop brings back a more seamless kind of learning.;Nicholas Negroponte;learning
I had never picked up a basketball before. I went through a grueling audition process. It was almost as if I was learning to walk. It would be like teaching somebody to dance ballet for a role.;Sanaa Lathan;learning
When I started learning the cello, I fell in love with the instrument because it seemed like a voice - my voice.;Mstislav Rostropovich;learning
What I know about poker, you can fit into a thimble with room left over, but I'm learning.;Wilford Brimley;learning
I learned a lot from my Mom. My favorite lesson: remember there is no such thing as a certain way to parent and to remember that you are learning along with your child - it's ok to make mistakes.;Regina King;learning
I wouldn't change anything. I think that it's important to let things happen, and stay 'happened'. I think that's all part of the learning curve, part of fate. I'm just glad that it happened.;Mike Peters;learning
We cannot seek or attain health, wealth, learning, justice or kindness in general. Action is always specific, concrete, individualized, unique.;Benjamin Jowett;learning
Probably having fallen in love with music and movies at a young age and then first learning about writing by kind of following the path of writers like Dave Marsh and Lester Bangs and being a rock journalist.;Cameron Crowe;learning
I enjoy learning technical details.;Ken Follett;learning
Some people are so busy learning the tricks of the trade that they never learn the trade.;Vernon Law;learning
Imitation is being rewarded. They're learning that if you fit right in the mold, you get rewarded. Music is no longer a form of expression - it's a means to a lifestyle.;Mike Watt;learning
Only the other world has substance and reality only good deeds and holy learning have tangible worth.;Abraham Cahan;learning
I am still learning every day not to watch other people's careers and compare.;Joely Fisher;learning
Now learning a bit more about footballers I think what they need to do well, is someone who really wants to stay in the background and just be a strong support.;Anna Friel;learning
We must expect to fail... but fail in a learning posture, determined no to repeat the mistakes, and to maximize the benefits from what is learned in the process.;Ted W. Engstrom;learning
If we have a chance of succeeding and bringing stability and democracy to Iraq, it will mean learning from our mistakes, not denying them and not ignoring them.;Carl Levin;learning
I've heard that, but since I'm computer illiterate I don't know how it all works. But since I'm on Prodigy tonight, I'm learning a lot through my typist, Peter.;Bobby Sherman;learning
Most sailing ships take what they call trainees, who pay to be part of the crew. The Picton Castle takes people who are absolutely raw recruits. But you can't just ride along. You're learning to steer the ship, navigation you're pulling lines, keeping a lookout in the galley you're cooking.;Billy Campbell;learning
I was training more learning how to scuba dive which I'd never done which was really, really, really cool.;Ashley Scott;learning
Not being a comic book fan, being thrown into that and seeing the extreme - it's taken very seriously. So I tried to do as much learning as I could about it so I wasn't mean or anything.;Ashley Scott;learning
You have to keep your sanity as well as know how to distance yourself from it while still holding onto the reins tightly. That is a very difficult thing to do, but I'm learning.;Diahann Carroll;learning
I had been impressed by the fact that biological systems were based on molecular machines and that we were learning to design and build these sorts of things.;K. Eric Drexler;learning
We wanted to solve robot problems and needed some vision, action, reasoning, planning, and so forth. We even used some structural learning, such as was being explored by Patrick Winston.;Marvin Minsky;learning
I think Lenat is headed in the right direction, but someone needs to include a knowledge base about learning.;Marvin Minsky;learning
I hope I'm always learning something.;Kate Winslet;learning
Part of the joy of music is listening to lots of different kinds of music and learning from it. Specifically for me, I like writing songs that move me, and what moves me are beautiful songs on the piano or the guitar and really, really heavy music.;Ryan Adams;learning
Marriage, for a woman at least, hampers the two things that made life to me glorious - friendship and learning.;Jane Harrison;learning
The relation of repetitions for learning and for repeating English stanzas needs no amplification. These were learned by heart on the first day with less than half of the repetitions necessary for the shortest of the syllable series.;Hermann Ebbinghaus;learning
Our country has had a hard time learning that lesson with energy.;Mac Thornberry;learning
Well, until this very day, I'm still learning.;Dennis Brown;learning
