Books are the carriers of civilization. Without books, history is silent, literature dumb, science crippled, thought and speculation at a standstill.;Barbara Tuchman;history
Psychology keeps trying to vindicate human nature. History keeps undermining the effort.;Mason Cooley;history
Most foreign policies that history has marked highly, in whatever country, have been originated by leaders who were opposed by experts.;Henry A. Kissinger;history
All History is current all injustice continues on some level, somewhere in the world.;Alice Walker;history
A lot of young players don't really know much about the history of the game and a lot of them are missing out on what the game is all about, especially the whole concept of sportsmanship and teamwork.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;history
While we are living in the present, we must celebrate life every day, knowing that we are becoming history with every work, every action, every deed.;Mattie Stepanek;history
Let's be very honest about what this is about. It's not about bashing Democrats, it's not about taxes, they have no idea what the Boston tea party was about, they don't know their history at all. This is about hating a black man in the White House. This is racism straight up.;Janeane Garofalo;history
I know that many of you do wear such a cross of Christ, not in any ostentatious way, not in a way that might harm you at your work or recreation, but a simple indication that you value the role of Jesus Christ in the history of the world, that you are trying to live by Christ's standards in your own daily life.;Keith O'Brien;history
There is nothing new in the world except the history you do not know.;Harry S. Truman;history
In known history, nobody has had such capacity for altering the universe than the people of the United States of America. And nobody has gone about it in such an aggressive way.;Alan Watts;history
I'm not convinced that women have the education or the sense of their own history enough or that they understand the cruelty of which men are capable and the delight that many men will take in seeing you choose to chain yourself - then they get to say 'See, you did it yourself.';Alice Walker;history
Fascism is a religion. The twentieth century will be known in history as the century of Fascism.;Benito Mussolini;history
I saw no African people in the printed and illustrated Sunday school lessons. I began to suspect at this early age that someone had distorted the image of my people. My long search for the true history of African people the world over began.;John Henrik Clarke;history
The Holocaust was an obscene period in our nation's history. I mean in this century's history. But we all lived in this century. I didn't live in this century.;Dan Quayle;history
Governments have never learned anything from history, or acted on principles deducted from it.;Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel;history
Man is not logical and his intellectual history is a record of mental reserves and compromises. He hangs on to what he can in his old beliefs even when he is compelled to surrender their logical basis.;John Dewey;history
For one who reads, there is no limit to the number of lives that may be lived, for fiction, biography, and history offer an inexhaustible number of lives in many parts of the world, in all periods of time.;Louis L'Amour;history
History warns us that it is the customary fate of new truths to begin as heresies and to end as superstitions.;Thomas Huxley;history
Nothing which is true or beautiful or good makes complete sense in any immediate context of history therefore we must be saved by faith.;Reinhold Niebuhr;history
If history and science have taught us anything, it is that passion and desire are not the same as truth.;E. O. Wilson;history
Beating Pakistan is always special because they are a tough team and we have a bit if a history regarding Pakistan.;Sachin Tendulkar;history
The Teutons have been singing the swan song ever since they entered the ranks of history. They have always confounded truth with death.;Henry Miller;history
I seldom go into a natural history museum without feeling as if I were attending a funeral.;John Burroughs;history
Ideas shape the course of history.;John Maynard Keynes;history
I believe that history might be, and ought to be, taught in a new fashion so as to make the meaning of it as a process of evolution intelligible to the young.;Thomas Huxley;history
If our history can challenge the next wave of musicians to keep moving and changing, to keep spiritually hungry and horny, that's what it's all about.;Carlos Santana;history
The history of men's opposition to women's emancipation is more interesting perhaps than the story of that emancipation itself.;Virginia Woolf;history
I do not think it is an exaggeration to say history is largely a history of inflation, usually inflations engineered by governments for the gain of governments.;Friedrich August von Hayek;history
Mankind has probably done more damage to the Earth in the 20th century than in all of previous human history.;Jacques Yves Cousteau;history
The history of liberty is a history of resistance.;Woodrow Wilson;history
I loved history because to me, history was like watching a movie.;Quentin Tarantino;history
No event in American history is more misunderstood than the Vietnam War. It was misreported then, and it is misremembered now.;Richard M. Nixon;history
There are worlds of experience beyond the world of the aggressive man, beyond history, and beyond science. The moods and qualities of nature and the revelations of great art are equally difficult to define we can grasp them only in the depths of our perceptive spirit.;Ansel Adams;history
History repeats itself, and that's one of the things that's wrong with history.;Clarence Darrow;history
The people who have really made history are the martyrs.;Aleister Crowley;history
By failing seriously to confront the most predicable economic crisis in our nation's history, the President's policies are committing us and our children to a diminished future.;Paul Ryan;history
Americans are rising to the tasks of history, and they expect the same of us.;George W. Bush;history
No man is truly great who is great only in his lifetime. The test of greatness is the page of history.;William Hazlitt;history
The game of history is usually played by the best and the worst over the heads of the majority in the middle.;Eric Hoffer;history
Was it not enough punishment and suffering in history that we were uprooted and made helpless slaves not only in new colonial outposts but also domestically.;Robert Mugabe;history
In Jewish history there are no coincidences.;Elie Wiesel;history
A woman's whole life is a history of the affections.;Washington Irving;history
We have nothing in our history or position to invite aggression we have everything to beckon us to the cultivation of relations of peace and amity with all nations.;Franklin P. Adams;history
Completeness? Happiness? These words don't come close to describing my emotions. There truly is nothing I can say to capture what motherhood means to me, particularly given my medical history.;Anita Baker;history
Inflation is bringing us true democracy. For the first time in history, luxuries and necessities are selling at the same price.;Robert Orben;history
Presidents quickly realize that while a single act might destroy the world they live in, no one single decision can make life suddenly better or can turn history around for the good.;Lyndon B. Johnson;history
One of the lessons of history is that nothing is often a good thing to do and always a clever thing to say.;Will Durant;history
Now, there are some who would like to rewrite history - revisionist historians is what I like to call them.;George W. Bush;history
Religion is part of the human make-up. It's also part of our cultural and intellectual history. Religion was our first attempt at literature, the texts, our first attempt at cosmology, making sense of where we are in the universe, our first attempt at health care, believing in faith healing, our first attempt at philosophy.;Christopher Hitchens;history
The awareness that health is dependent upon habits that we control makes us the first generation in history that to a large extent determines its own destiny.;Jimmy Carter;history
The only history is a mere question of one's struggle inside oneself. But that is the joy of it. One need neither discover Americas nor conquer nations, and yet one has as great a work as Columbus or Alexander, to do.;David Herbert Lawrence;history
Imagination is always the fabric of social life and the dynamic of history. The influence of real needs and compulsions, of real interests and materials, is indirect because the crowd is never conscious of it.;Simone Weil;history
I think documentaries are the greatest way to educate an entire generation that doesn't often look back to learn anything about the history that provided a safe haven for so many of us today.;Steven Spielberg;history
The greatest honor history can bestow is that of peacemaker.;Richard M. Nixon;history
Every literary critic believes he will outwit history and have the last word.;Mason Cooley;history
Of all the species of literary composition, perhaps biography is the most delightful. The attention concentrated on one individual gives a unity to the materials of which it is composed, which is wanting in general history.;Robert Hall;history
A lawyer without history or literature is a mechanic, a mere working mason if he possesses some knowledge of these, he may venture to call himself an architect.;Walter Scott;history
Once you get into this great stream of history, you can't get out.;Richard M. Nixon;history
The true history of my administration will be written 50 years from now, and you and I will not be around to see it.;George W. Bush;history
The history of all countries shows that the working class exclusively by its own effort is able to develop only trade-union consciousness.;Vladimir Lenin;history
Without words, without writing and without books there would be no history, there could be no concept of humanity.;Hermann Hesse;history
Without question, the Red Ryder BB gun is the most important gun in the history of American weaponry.;Ted Nugent;history
In the history of the treatment of depression, there was the dunking stool, purging of the bowels of black bile, hoses, attempts to shock the patient. All of these represent hatred or aggression towards what depression represents in the patient.;James Hillman;history
I grew up in Europe, where the history comes from.;Eddie Izzard;history
The people, and the people alone, are the motive force in the making of world history.;Mao Zedong;history
The main thing is to make history, not to write it.;Otto von Bismarck;history
Women are the only exploited group in history to have been idealized into powerlessness.;Erica Jong;history
I sent American troops to Iraq to make its people free, not to make them American. Iraqis will write their own history and find their own way.;George W. Bush;history
The majority see the obstacles the few see the objectives history records the successes of the latter, while oblivion is the reward of the former.;Alfred A. Montapert;history
Sometimes - history needs a push.;Vladimir Lenin;history
If a secret history of books could be written, and the author's private thoughts and meanings noted down alongside of his story, how many insipid volumes would become interesting, and dull tales excite the reader!;William Makepeace Thackeray;history
Human history in essence is the history of ideas.;H. G. Wells;history
History is not a burden on the memory but an illumination of the soul.;Lord Acton;history
Numerous politicians have seized absolute power and muzzled the press. Never in history has the press seized absolute power and muzzled the politicians.;David Brinkley;history
I don't think that a leader can control, to any great extent, his destiny. Very seldom can he step in and change the situation if the forces of history are running in another direction.;Richard M. Nixon;history
The history of saints is mainly the history of insane people.;Benito Mussolini;history
We live in an era with no historical precedents. History is no longer useful as a tool in helping us understand current changes.;Doug Coupland;history
It is capitalist America that produced the modern independent woman. Never in history have women had more freedom of choice in regard to dress, behavior, career, and sexual orientation.;Camille Paglia;history
Every library should try to be complete on something, if it were only the history of pinheads.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;history
In its history, Europe has committed so many massacres and horrors that it should bow its own head in shame.;Desmond Tutu;history
All history is incomprehensible without Christ.;Ernest Renan;history
If you think Abraham Lincoln became famous for inventing the town car, it is time to spend a few hours on history.;Bo Bennett;history
Value people on their potential, not on their history.;Bo Bennett;history
History is, strictly speaking, the study of questions the study of answers belongs to anthropology and sociology.;W. H. Auden;history
The history of the last century shows, as we shall see later, that the advice given to governments by bankers, like the advice they gave to industrialists, was consistently good for bankers, but was often disastrous for governments, businessmen, and the people generally.;Carroll Quigley;history
'WASP' is the only ethnic term that is in fact a term of class, apart from redneck, which is another word for the same group but who are in the lower social strata, so it's inexplicably tied up with social standing and culture and history in a way that the other hyphenations just are not.;Christopher Hitchens;history
Our ignorance of history causes us to slander our own times.;Gustave Flaubert;history
The principle that human nature, in its psychological aspects, is nothing more than a product of history and given social relations removes all barriers to coercion and manipulation by the powerful.;Noam Chomsky;history
Now, when I hear that Christians are getting together in order to defend the people of Israel, of course it brings joy to my heart. And it simply says, look, people have learned from history.;Elie Wiesel;history
Their memory's like a train: you can see it getting smaller as it pulls away And the things you can't remember Tell the things you can't forget that History puts a saint in every dream.;Tom Waits;history
There are still many causes worth sacrificing for, so much history yet to be made.;Michelle Obama;history
President Obama is the most successful food stamp president in American history. I would like to be the most successful paycheck president in American history.;Newt Gingrich;history
History does not merely touch on language, but takes place in it.;Theodor Adorno;history
So I'm OK with myself, with history, my work, who I am and who I was.;Sidney Poitier;history
Man seems to insist on ignoring the lessons available from history.;Norman Borlaug;history
History repeats itself, but the special call of an art which has passed away is never reproduced. It is as utterly gone out of the world as the song of a destroyed wild bird.;Joseph Conrad;history
In every election in American history both parties have their cliches. The party that has the cliches that ring true wins.;Newt Gingrich;history
I think the materialist conception of history is valid.;Christopher Hitchens;history
Throughout human history, the American Idea has done more to help the poor than any other economic system ever designed.;Paul Ryan;history
