Such highly qualitative leadership is demanded especially in the realm of the fostering of right international relations. Here the demand is simply irresistible.;John Raleigh Mott;leadership
There is an irresistible demand to strengthen the leadership of the constructive forces of the world at the present momentous time. This is true because of stupendous, almost unbelievable changes which have taken place in recent years on every continent.;John Raleigh Mott;leadership
With King Abdullah's leadership and his people's trust he can keep the kingdom stable and secure in all its affairs.;Sultan bin Abdul-Aziz Al Saud;leadership
Leaders of the future will have to be visionary and be able to bring people in - real communicators. These are things that women bring to leadership and executive positions, and it's going to be incredibly valuable and incredibly in demand.;Anita Borg;leadership
Real leadership means tackling tough problems ourselves and not leaving them to our children.;Jon Kyl;leadership
We have to forget the past. History is something that even today we are paying the consequences, and the future is integration. We all as a people, as citizens, as the leadership of both countries should be looking in that direction.;Atifete Jahjaga;leadership
Leadership appears to be the art of getting others to want to do something you are convinced should be done.;Vance Packard;leadership
I supported my friend Congressman Shuler over former Speaker Nancy Pelosi during our party's leadership elections in November citing a need for new leadership.;Joe Donnelly;leadership
We need to be a leadership position about protecting minors on the Internet and, more importantly, giving the parents the tools they need to protect them.;Peter Chernin;leadership
Once it gets to a point where it becomes a matter of life and death to occupy a position of leadership or not, with an eye on future opportunities, therein lies the danger.;Kgalema Motlanthe;leadership
We do not need international help to stop corruption, we need strong Louisiana Leadership.;David Vitter;leadership
In some countries we have had the right to vote for less than 100 years, so the entry of women into political leadership has caused a tsunami.;Iveta Radicova;leadership
Public office is supposed to be a public trust. This is a clear sign of the rampant corruption at the highest levels of the Republican leadership.;Bob Etheridge;leadership
We need someone with proven conservative leadership experience, not entitlement, to be able to represent us and lead us.;Randy Hultgren;leadership
If people want to get into leadership through corrupt practices, through corrupt means, I think that's detestable we have to take action.;Jakaya Kikwete;leadership
The leader is one who mobilizes others toward a goal shared by leaders and followers... Leaders, followers and goals make up the three equally necessary supports for leadership.;Gary Wills;leadership
Leadership - mobilization toward a common goal.;Gary Wills;leadership
Leadership is particularly necessary to ensure ready acceptance of the unfamiliar and that which is contrary to tradition.;Cyril Falls;leadership
I think America has more than enough maturity and intelligence to start exercising its world leadership responsibly.;Cristina Kirchner;leadership
Why - because as a oil and gas small business owner - I know if someone is not doing their job, they should not get paid. Again leadership by example.;Jeff Landry;leadership
Leadership has become a heavy industry. Concern and interest about leadership development is no longer an American phenomenon. It is truly global. Though I will probably be in less demand, I wanted to move on.;Warren Bennis;leadership
Organizations endure, however, in proportion to the breadth of the morality by which they are governed. Thus the endurance of organization depends upon the quality of leadership and that quality derives from the breadth of the morality upon which it rests.;Chester Irving Barnard;leadership
Leadership must be established from the top down.;Sam Nunn;leadership
The art of leadership... consists in consolidating the attention of the people against a single adversary and taking care that nothing will split up that attention.;Adolf Hitler;leadership
When a man assumes leadership, he forfeits the right to mercy.;Gennaro Angiulo;leadership
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.;Maya Angelou;learning
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.;Albert Einstein;learning
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;learning
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.;Mahatma Gandhi;learning
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored.;Earl Nightingale;learning
If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it?;Albert Einstein;learning
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.;Bruce Lee;learning
I've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands you need to be able to throw something back.;Maya Angelou;learning
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.;Benjamin Franklin;learning
I learned long ago, never to wrestle with a pig. You get dirty, and besides, the pig likes it.;George Bernard Shaw;learning
The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure instead of having pain and pleasure use you. If you do that, you're in control of your life. If you don't, life controls you.;Tony Robbins;learning
Every immigrant who comes here should be required within five years to learn English or leave the country.;Theodore Roosevelt;learning
He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger.;Confucius;learning
I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.;Winston Churchill;learning
There is no end to education. It is not that you read a book, pass an examination, and finish with education. The whole of life, from the moment you are born to the moment you die, is a process of learning.;Jiddu Krishnamurti;learning
He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to stand and walk and run and climb and dance one cannot fly into flying.;Friedrich Nietzsche;learning
Without pain, there would be no suffering, without suffering we would never learn from our mistakes. To make it right, pain and suffering is the key to all windows, without it, there is no way of life.;Angelina Jolie;learning
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.;John F. Kennedy;learning
Life is a series of experiences, each one of which makes us bigger, even though sometimes it is hard to realize this. For the world was built to develop character, and we must learn that the setbacks and grieves which we endure help us in our marching onward.;Henry Ford;learning
One of the things I learned the hard way was that it doesn't pay to get discouraged. Keeping busy and making optimism a way of life can restore your faith in yourself.;Lucille Ball;learning
Being ignorant is not so much a shame, as being unwilling to learn.;Benjamin Franklin;learning
Learn to get in touch with the silence within yourself, and know that everything in life has purpose. There are no mistakes, no coincidences, all events are blessings given to us to learn from.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;learning
If history repeats itself, and the unexpected always happens, how incapable must Man be of learning from experience.;George Bernard Shaw;learning
To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.;Bruce Lee;learning
Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.;Thomas Huxley;learning
I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen.;Ernest Hemingway;learning
Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.;Douglas Adams;learning
The person you consider ignorant and insignificant is the one who came from God, that he might learn bliss from grief and knowledge from gloom.;Khalil Gibran;learning
I am a woman in process. I'm just trying like everybody else. I try to take every conflict, every experience, and learn from it. Life is never dull.;Oprah Winfrey;learning
He who is not everyday conquering some fear has not learned the secret of life.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;learning
You cannot open a book without learning something.;Confucius;learning
Everything I learned I learned from the movies.;Audrey Hepburn;learning
I have learned, that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.;Henry David Thoreau;learning
I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship.;Louisa May Alcott;learning
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.;Vince Lombardi;learning
It is of practical value to learn to like yourself. Since you must spend so much time with yourself you might as well get some satisfaction out of the relationship.;Norman Vincent Peale;learning
In times of change learners inherit the earth while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists.;Eric Hoffer;learning
Deficiency motivation doesn't work. It will lead to a life-long pursuit of try to fix me. Learn to appreciate what you have and where and who you are.;Wayne Dyer;learning
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.;Bill Gates;learning
A man only learns in two ways, one by reading, and the other by association with smarter people.;Will Rogers;learning
It is paradoxical that many educators and parents still differentiate between a time for learning and a time for play without seeing the vital connection between them.;Leo Buscaglia;learning
The truth is that we can learn to condition our minds, bodies, and emotions to link pain or pleasure to whatever we choose. By changing what we link pain and pleasure to, we will instantly change our behaviors.;Tony Robbins;learning
Have you learned the lessons only of those who admired you, and were tender with you, and stood aside for you? Have you not learned great lessons from those who braced themselves against you, and disputed passage with you?;Walt Whitman;learning
The things that have been most valuable to me I did not learn in school.;Will Smith;learning
There are no mistakes. The events we bring upon ourselves, no matter how unpleasant, are necessary in order to learn what we need to learn whatever steps we take, they're necessary to reach the places we've chosen to go.;Richard Bach;learning
It's what you learn after you know it all that counts.;John Wooden;learning
We learned about honesty and integrity - that the truth matters... that you don't take shortcuts or play by your own set of rules... and success doesn't count unless you earn it fair and square.;Michelle Obama;learning
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.;Pablo Picasso;learning
God lets everything happen for a reason. It's all a learning process, and you have to go from one level to another.;Mike Tyson;learning
The ultimate lesson all of us have to learn is unconditional love, which includes not only others but ourselves as well.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;learning
Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer.;William S. Burroughs;learning
Losers live in the past. Winners learn from the past and enjoy working in the present toward the future.;Denis Waitley;learning
Prepare for the unknown by studying how others in the past have coped with the unforeseeable and the unpredictable.;George S. Patton;learning
The life ahead can only be glorious if you learn to live in total harmony with the Lord.;Sai Baba;learning
It is utterly false and cruelly arbitrary to put all the play and learning into childhood, all the work into middle age, and all the regrets into old age.;Margaret Mead;learning
I never learned from a man who agreed with me.;Robert A. Heinlein;learning
Personally, I would be delighted if there were a life after death, especially if it permitted me to continue to learn about this world and others, if it gave me a chance to discover how history turns out.;Carl Sagan;learning
I learned the value of hard work by working hard.;Margaret Mead;learning
In the long history of humankind (and animal kind, too) those who learned to collaborate and improvise most effectively have prevailed.;Charles Darwin;learning
We are the creative force of our life, and through our own decisions rather than our conditions, if we carefully learn to do certain things, we can accomplish those goals.;Stephen Covey;learning
If you use your mind to study reality, you won't understand either your mind or reality. If you study reality without using your mind, you'll understand both.;Bodhidharma;learning
It is what we know already that often prevents us from learning.;Claude Bernard;learning
I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's were the fun is.;Donald Trump;learning
We should regret our mistakes and learn from them, but never carry them forward into the future with us.;Lucy Maud Montgomery;learning
A single conversation across the table with a wise man is better than ten years mere study of books.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;learning
I'd rather learn from one bird how to sing than to teach ten thousand stars how not to dance.;e. e. cummings;learning
You teach best what you most need to learn.;Richard Bach;learning
I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him.;Galileo Galilei;learning
I'm most proud of the blessings that God has bestowed upon me, in my life. He's given me the vision to truly see that you can fall down, but you can still get back up. Hopefully I'll learn from my mistakes and have the opportunity to strengthen and improve the next thing I do.;Martin Lawrence;learning
Because in the school of the Spirit man learns wisdom through humility, knowledge by forgetting, how to speak by silence, how to live by dying.;Johannes Tauler;learning
What we face may look insurmountable. But I learned something from all those years of training and competing. I learned something from all those sets and reps when I didn't think I could lift another ounce of weight. What I learned is that we are always stronger than we know.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;learning
You make mistakes, but I don't have any regrets. I'm the kind of person who takes responsibility for it and deals with it. I learn from everything I do. I work very hard, I have so many things going on in my life. Get to know me and see who I am.;Kim Kardashian;learning
The hardest job kids face today is learning good manners without seeing any.;Fred Astaire;learning
Surround yourself with good people. Whether they're the best or not, people are capable of learning if they've got good hearts and they're good souls.;Kid Rock;learning
