Once you understand this way, you will be able to make your room alive you will be able to design a house together with your family a garden for your children places where you can work beautiful terraces where you can sit and dream.;Christopher Alexander;design
We worked with the engineers in the design and construction and testing phases in those various areas, then we would get back together at the end of the week and brief each other as to what had gone on.;Alan Shepard;design
The level of detail and craft is something that's inscribed within the original design concept. And so when I begin to draw, I know what kind of detailing I want the building to have.;Tadao Ando;design
Web users ultimately want to get at data quickly and easily. They don't care as much about attractive sites and pretty design.;Tim Berners-Lee;design
People tell you the world looks a certain way. Parents tell you how to think. Schools tell you how to think. TV. Religion. And then at a certain point, if you're lucky, you realize you can make up your own mind. Nobody sets the rules but you. You can design your own life.;Carrie-Anne Moss;design
Luckily I don't have to buy shoes anymore, because I design them! I'm off tour, so I can dive in and create the shoes that I want for my line. But okay, I did buy a pair of vintage combat boots because they were so beaten up - I had to have them.;Fergie;design
When we were in the design studio I always was pretending like I was in a closet asking my friend before I step out into the world what do I look like? And everybody wants that honest friend before they go and go to dinner or go to an event.;Nicole Richie;design
I am extremely involved in the design process of both my brands, Winter Kate and House of Harlow 1960.;Nicole Richie;design
What I've learned from different designers is that it's key to be true to who you are and your vision. That's always been my line of thinking. Working through the whole design process, I don't want to create something I wouldn't be proud to wear.;Kellan Lutz;design
I learn my lines while on the golf course. I try to do two or three things at once. I have ideas for books all the time, I have ideas for paintings all the time, and I write them all down. I take my sketchpad and my iPad, which I design on, and I do sit down and do specific tasks at specific times.;Jane Seymour;design
The wisdom of crowds works when the crowd is choosing the price of an ox, when there's a single numeric average. But if it's a design or something that matters, the decision is made by committee, and that's crap. You want people and groups who are able to think thoughts before they share.;Jaron Lanier;design
The basic problem is that web 2.0 tools are not supportive of democracy by design. They are tools designed to gather spy-agency-like data in a seductive way, first and foremost, but as a side effect they tend to provide software support for mob-like phenomena.;Jaron Lanier;design
In architecture the idea degenerated. Design allows a more direct and pleasurable route.;Charles Eames;design
I'm opinionated. I always stick to my design plan. I don't waver.;Douglas Wilson;design
There is no city in America that has reduced crime as much as we have in the last three years. This is not the product of accident. This is the product of design.;Rudy Giuliani;design
To be able to design for the plus-sized consumer, for me, that's just beyond. It's a dream.;Khloe Kardashian;design
I was a cartoonist when I was at university, but I decided to go into movie making knowing that I could still draw by doing movies, design work, story boards, and such.;Robert Rodriguez;design
In just six weeks from the time the design was started, we had the motor on the block testing its power.;Orville Wright;design
Everyone wants an iPhone, but it would be impossible to design an iPhone in China because it's not a product it's an understanding of human nature.;Ai Weiwei;design
I see the Beijing National Stadium as an architectural project. I accepted Herzog and De Meuron's invitation to collaborate on the design, and our proposal won the competition. From beginning to end, I stayed with the project. I am committed to fostering relationships between a city and its architecture.;Ai Weiwei;design
If you only design menus that are essentially junk or fast food, the whole infrastructure supports junk.;Jamie Oliver;design
God is His own Design and End, and that there is no other Worthy of Him.;Mary Astell;design
I've never had anyone define purity. You probably can't define purity. Purity is to live according to original design.;Josh McDowell;design
I'd like to do a lot of things - whether in design or architecture or business.;Caroline Wozniacki;design
I studied literature design and fashion design.;Danielle Steel;design
Design, in its broadest sense, is the enabler of the digital era - it's a process that creates order out of chaos, that renders technology usable to business. Design means being good, not just looking good.;Clement Mok;design
I majored in fashion design in school, and I have always wanted to design my own line of clothing, jewelry, and stuff like that so this was just a step for me in that direction.;Diana Ross;design
We should always look upon ourselves as God's servants, placed in God's world, to do his work and accordingly labour faithfully for him not with a design to grow rich and great, but to glorify God, and do all the good we possibly can.;David Brainerd;design
Our guiding principle was that design is neither an intellectual nor a material affair, but simply an integral part of the stuff of life, necessary for everyone in a civilized society.;Walter Gropius;design
Organisms by their design are not made to adapt too far.;Kevin Kelly;design
Species go extinct because there are historical contraints built into a given body or a given design.;Kevin Kelly;design
The garden, by design, is concerned with both the interior and the land beyond the garden.;Stephen Gardiner;design
French architecture always manages to combine the most magnificent underlying themes of architecture like Roman design, it looks to the community.;Stephen Gardiner;design
Italy is full of historical buildings. And Europe holds a great history of philosophy from Greece until today. I read all those books and see these buildings, and I think of where I stand when I design my architecture.;Tadao Ando;design
All those involved in the construction of an architectural design, from the architect to the builder, have an attachment to the architecture, although it's difficult to quantify the attachment.;Tadao Ando;design
Design is a constant challenge to balance comfort with luxe, the practical with the desirable.;Donna Karan;design
Design can have such a positive impact on the way people live and on their relationships and moods.;Genevieve Gorder;design
Design my own line? No, I just like the culture.;ASAP Rocky;design
I have an all-Japanese design team, and none of them speak English. So it's often funny and surprising how my ideas end up lost in translation.;Pharrell Williams;design
It would be nice to design a real briefcase - you open it up and it's your computer but it also stores your books.;Steve Wozniak;design
If I designed a computer with 200 chips, I tried to design it with 150. And then I would try to design it with 100. I just tried to find every trick I could in life to design things real tiny.;Steve Wozniak;design
No one who set out to design a form of communication would ever end up with anything like English, Mandarin, or any of the more than six thousand languages spoken today.;Joshua Foer;design
I am always locked in my design studio.;Valentino Garavani;design
It's funny now how much we look at - whatever you want to call it: art, design, culture stuff, film - online, and how in the online world, you're instantly global.;Mike Mills;design
I actually started as a model builder and quickly progressed into production design, which made sense because I could draw and paint. But I kept watching that guy over there who was moving the actors around and setting up the shots.;James Cameron;design
I'm not a size 0, and I'm nowhere close to it. But, I don't want anyone to know what I am so I like to design clothes so you don't know what's going on under there.;Rachel Roy;design
I can't design anything unless I'm excited by it, meaning I have an urge to wear it.;Rachel Roy;design
Martha Stewart is extremely talented. Her designs are picture perfect. Our philosophy is life is messy, and rather than being afraid of those messes we design products that work the way we live.;Kathy Ireland;design
I won't give up my day job of design.;Kathy Ireland;design
They say that the best furniture and clothing design from the '50s and '60s is Scandinavian or Milanese.;Christian Lacroix;design
French design hardly exists, except as artificial modernism.;Christian Lacroix;design
For me, I am still very happy to be able to do stage design as it's an opportunity to express the extreme.;Christian Lacroix;design
The architect, Peter Arens who is the monstrous carbuncle architect, not merely did his design which had won a public competition never get built but his practice suffered financially for some years.;Anthony Holden;design
Design is a word that's come to mean so much that it's also a word that has come to mean nothing.;Jonathan Ive;design
You can get a lot of design testing of your missile program, and you can do a lot of - there's other ways other than physically to develop your weaponization program to get you very close to the real deal.;Mike Rogers;design
The gays like 'Project Runway' because it's a fashion, and the gays are into fashion and into design. It's a creative industry, and most of the gays are pretty creative, in general. That's just like the culture. We're not all into politics necessarily. We're more into the creative environment. I also think Heidi is a big draw. The boys love Heidi and think she's so fabulous. I just think it's a glitzy, fun show, and there are also always lots of gay boys on it, and, you know, that's fun.;Christian Siriano;design
The industry's changed so much that you can't just design something, put on a great show, and say, 'Okay, my job is done.';Alexander Wang;design
User-centered design means understanding what your users need, how they think, and how they behave - and incorporating that understanding into every aspect of your process.;Jesse James Garrett;design
After the Great Depression and after public urging, a nationwide public competition was held to determine a design for a memorial that would honor President Thomas Jefferson's bold vision for westward expansion for America.;Russ Carnahan;design
I design for myself and the first question I ask is, 'Would I wear it?';Claudia Schiffer;design
I've never mentioned this, but when I was at Parsons teaching, the other design disciplines, they don't like fashion design. They see it as very nineteenth-century.;Tim Gunn;design
With fashion, you really need to understand the aspects of construction. Not just design on an iPad.;Tim Gunn;design
Although my art work was heavily informed by my design work on a formal and visual level, as regards meaning and content the two practices parted ways.;Barbara Kruger;design
When I was very, very young, seven years old, I heard there was school where you could go to learn to draw. That was my absolute driven passion, to become an artist or a painter. So the romantic realist in me, I studied to be a graphic design artist and an art teacher.;David Coverdale;design
I had a faux-hawk for a while and I used to buzz the sides and design it. It was really bad.;Joe Jonas;design
I have never seen a game's graphics look so sharp and clean. The sound design for the game is also unique on the Xbox. The memory on this system allowed us to provide the user with 5.1 Dolby surround sound for home theatre owners.;Don Bluth;design
I have a secret thought from some things I have observed, that God may perhaps design you for some singular service in the world.;David Brainerd;design
In regards to being a fashion aficionado, there's a certain amount of taking yourself seriously in the professional world. The self-effacing person can't completely go down the serious road. But I design, and love when things are beautiful.;St. Vincent;design
So that ideas of sort of relaxed symmetry have been something for years that I have been concerned with because I think that symmetry is a neutral shape as opposed to a form of design.;Robert Rauschenberg;design
But active programming consists of the design of new programs, rather than contemplation of old programs.;Niklaus Wirth;design
Clearly, programming courses should teach methods of design and construction, and the selected examples should be such that a gradual development can be nicely demonstrated.;Niklaus Wirth;design
I have been wildly enthused about gaming since I was younger, and a career path I chose not to go down but did really consider was getting into programming and game design.;Trent Reznor;design
I write the way you might arrange flowers. Not every try works, but each one launches another. Every constraint, even dullness, frees up a new design.;Richard Powers;design
There are two kinds of designers: ones who are very happy locked in their office surrounded by their coterie. The last thing they need to do is to go to a trunk show they'd go running for the hills. I not only enjoy it, I think, how do you design things that are applicable to life - unless you live it?;Michael Kors;design
People kind of tend to mystify design and architecture by suggesting you need to train.;Marc Newson;design
Well, I never studied design and I went to art school to study art, you know, sculpture and things like that, and ended up making things like sculpture and started making chairs and jewelry together and that's how I started.;Marc Newson;design
Design schools are good, I guess, sometimes I visit schools, but they are very very limiting.;Marc Newson;design
So if I design it and then go away, it's still living somewhere and it still exists by itself without me.;Marc Newson;design
So if I want to buy a light in a shop and I don't find a light that I like, I think to myself what would I like? What would I like to buy? Then I started to imagine and design it for myself a lot of the time.;Marc Newson;design
I think it is really important to have a sense of business. As a designer you can get so wrapped up in the design and fashion side that you forget the business side.;Tommy Hilfiger;design
Websites are kind of useless. There's so much great web content and design out there, but the ways in which they are being experienced are not being maximized.;Dhani Harrison;design
If you were the first person ever to design an application for the iPhone and you patented it, you would be very, very better off than we are right now, you know? But you've got to be the first one to do it. So I figured that Led Zeppelin or the Stones were going to do it unless we just got on to it. So I got cracking with the guys from Apple.;Dhani Harrison;design
After working with clothes for so long, it seemed right to design them.;L'Wren Scott;design
The reward is that you can actually create a world separate from reality with a story, actors, music, and camera design. When it works it can entertain, move people and teach us all.;Colleen Atwood;design
I am extremely excited to develop and design a brand representative of my life, experiences and style. Working closely with Cherokee will help establish a worldwide presence with best-in-class retailers and category leaders.;Alessandra Ambrosio;design
While I was at college studying design I decided to paint. I was also greatly inspired by the colours that I had seen on my travels in the Brazilian Rain forest.;John Dyer;design
We must carefully consider card security solutions, such as adding photographs or machine-readable electronic strips, so to prevent further breaches of individual privacy that could result from changes to the design of Social Security Cards.;Ron Lewis;design
Internet safety begins at home and that is why my legislation would require the Federal Trade Commission to design and publish a unique website to serve as a clearinghouse and resource for parents, teachers and children for information on the dangers of surfing the Internet.;Mike Fitzpatrick;design
Readers always seem to think that the author has some control over the design of their books.;Donald Norman;design
It is relatively easy to design for the perfect cases, when everything goes right, or when all the information required is available in proper format.;Donald Norman;design
User-centered design means working with your users all throughout the project.;Donald Norman;design
Also note that invariably when we design something that can be used by those with disabilities, we often make it better for everyone.;Donald Norman;design
I prefer design by experts - by people who know what they are doing.;Donald Norman;design
The federal debt in this country is principally of Republican design.;Daniel Keys Moran;design
Stargate by far is the top of the pile when it comes to Sci-Fi. The quality is great. They have really good writers, production design, lighting, wardrobe.;Corin Nemec;design
We are not inferring design to account for a black box, but to account for an open box.;Michael Behe;design
It's about the power of design and the power of the human spirit. It's above paying anybody to do something stupid for money like reality television does - like ambushing people.;Genevieve Gorder;design
I think taking design out of the studio and really having a relationship with the people that you're making it for really convinced me of how powerful a thing design is. It's not just an aesthetic decoration.;Genevieve Gorder;design
One of the best animated films I've seen come out of Disney was the Tarzan movie. I wasn't crazy about the story or the design on Tarzan's face, but the traditional animation was spectacular.;Ralph Bakshi;design
