The failure of the Russian Socialist Republic will be the defeat of the proletariat of the whole world.;Karl Liebknecht;failure
Elegance is not a dispensable luxury but a factor that decides between success and failure.;Edsger Dijkstra;failure
Attempt something so impossible that unless God is in it, it's doomed to failure.;John Haggai;failure
In tennis, it is not the opponent you fear, it is the failure itself, knowing how near you were but just out of reach.;Andy Murray;failure
I don't think there's any way it could have failed. We don't know failure in this band. We didn't know failure. We got to know it a little after awhile but at that time there was no such word.;Roger Daltrey;failure
When you experience a failure as a leader, don't hide it - talk about it. Your missed opportunity will encourage others to take risks.;Naveen Jain;failure
Unwillingness to risk failure is always there, but it gets harder when you feel you have more to lose.;Demi Moore;failure
Admitting failure is quite cleansing, but never - pleasurable.;Michael Morpurgo;failure
Los Angeles was an impression of failure, of disappointment, of despair, and of oddly makeshift lives. This is California? I thought.;Joseph Barbera;failure
If you're 40 years old and you've never had a failure, you've been deprived.;Gloria Swanson;failure
Taxation is the price we pay for failing to build a civilized society. The higher the tax level, the greater the failure. A centrally planned totalitarian state represents a complete defeat for the civilized world, while a totally voluntary society represents its ultimate success.;Mark Skousen;failure
Once you can accept failure, you can have fun and success.;Rickey Henderson;failure
One must never assume that a character is sympathetic because of either the actor playing them or the fact that they're a lead. I think that's a recipe for failure, actually, because if they become unsympathetic, you lose your audience.;Melissa Rosenberg;failure
Failure? Scared to death of it.;Ryan Seacrest;failure
I've always believed that it's important to show a new look periodically. Predictability can lead to failure.;T. Boone Pickens;failure
I have always believed that it's important to show a new look periodically. Predictability can lead to failure.;T. Boone Pickens;failure
My films seem to be about men's struggle with failure.;Tom Hooper;failure
I don't want to feel like a failure to my daughter. She's the best thing I've ever done. Buffy - pretty great and all, but Charlotte's way better.;Sarah Michelle Gellar;failure
I'm not scared of anything in particular, but I am motivated by a fear of failure as opposed to a need to succeed.;Heston Blumenthal;failure
I failed first grade, which is my biggest problem. You always feel like a failure, like you're stupid.;Amy Sedaris;failure
My story of success and failure is not just about music and being famous. It's about living and loving and trying to find purpose in this crazy world.;Wynonna Judd;failure
Failure is the most terrible thing in our business. When we fail, the whole world knows about it.;Desi Arnaz;failure
Outward failure may be a manifested variant of inward success.;Kenneth L. Pike;failure
Of course, Third World leaders love you. By ascribing third world ills to First World sins, you absolve them of blame for their countries' failure to advance.;John McCarthy;failure
I didn't fear failure. I expected failure.;Amy Tan;failure
I think I've always been somebody, since the deaths of my father and brother, who was afraid to hope. So, I was more prepared for failure and for rejection than for success.;Amy Tan;failure
In a sense it might even be said that our failure is to form habits: for, after all, habit is relative to a stereotyped world, and meantime it is only the roughness of the eye that makes two persons, things, situations, seem alike.;Walter Pater;failure
The attributes for entrepreneurs cut both ways. You need the ability to ignore inconvenient facts and see the world as it should be and not as it is. This inspires people to take huge leaps of faith. But this blindness to facts can be a liability, too. The characteristics that help entrepreneurs succeed can also lead to their failure.;Eric Ries;failure
I can't say I'm not grateful to have journalists writing about me as a genius. But I know it's not true. I'm not confused. I understand that success comes through a lot of failure and a lot of very embarrassing failure. People want to create the next Facebook, but they are too afraid to create the next Facemash.;Eric Ries;failure
Our educational system is not preparing people for the 21st Century. Failure is an essential part of entrepreneurship. If you work hard, you can get an 'A' pretty much guaranteed, but in entrepreneurship, that's not how it works.;Eric Ries;failure
Start-ups make so many mistakes that the challenge to identify the root cause of a failure is tough. But believing in your own plan is probably the worst.;Eric Ries;failure
Questioning the nature and implications of liminal instances necessarily involves failure, if only in the specifically technical sense of entering spaces where prevailing criteria of success scarcely apply.;Brian Ferneyhough;failure
There would seem to be a limit, even for an art preoccupied with boundaries and transgressions, beyond which a work reaches its breaking point and becomes an actual failure, a mere experimentation.;Brian Ferneyhough;failure
None of us is guaranteed against failure or corruption of any kind witness what's going on in the world in this moment, the follies of human nature and the failures of human nature.;Morris West;failure
In Iraq we must succeed. Failure is not an option.;Zbigniew Brzezinski;failure
Schools don't really allow failure and yet it's a valid part of any endeavour, not just writing.;Roddy Doyle;failure
Ambitious failure, magnificent failure, is a very good thing.;Guy Kawasaki;failure
My Brat Pack buddies and I didn't exactly handle celebrity very well. Success at an early age is far more difficult to handle than failure.;Judd Nelson;failure
With failure, you just try again.;Judd Nelson;failure
Sadness is a super important thing not to be ashamed about but to include in our lives. One of the bigger problems with sadness or depression is there's so much shame around it. If you have it you're a failure. You are felt as being very unattractive.;Mike Mills;failure
We do not know, in most cases, how far social failure and success are due to heredity, and how far to environment. But environment is the easier of the two to improve.;John B. S. Haldane;failure
The paranoiac is the exact image of the ruler. The only difference is their position in the world. One might even think the paranoiac the more impressive of the two because he is sufficient unto himself and cannot be shaken by failure.;Elias Canetti;failure
All I can do will only ever be a faint image of what I see and my success will always be less than my failure or perhaps equal to the failure.;Alberto Giacometti;failure
As might be supposed, my parents were quite poor, but we somehow never seemed to lack anything we needed, and I never saw a trace of discontent or a failure in cheerfulness over their lot in life, as indeed over anything.;Albert J. Nock;failure
But if you have a solid walk with the Lord, then you won't fear that failure.;Cliff Richard;failure
When you're fearless, you take more risks because you're less conscious of failure or what can go wrong.;Brett Ratner;failure
The success and the failure are not my concern, but His.;Joseph Barber Lightfoot;failure
We do not realise that we are children of eternity. If we did, then success would be no success, and failure would be no failure to us.;Joseph Barber Lightfoot;failure
Success is not forever and failure isn't fatal.;Don Shula;failure
I find fault with my children because I like them and I want them to go places - uprightness and strength and courage and civil respect and anything that affects the probabilities of failure on the part of those that are closest to me, that concerns me - I find fault.;Branch Rickey;failure
I hate how box-office failures are blamed on an actress, yet I don't see a box-office failure blamed on men.;Ellen Page;failure
As efforts to fix this failure at the Veterans Administration continue, I also intend to persist in demanding answers and action on the establishment of a new clinic to serve the veterans in North Central Washington.;Doc Hastings;failure
How one handles success or failure is determined by their early childhood.;Harold Ramis;failure
I think everyone shares a fear of failure - that you're only as good as your most recent collection. That's definitely a fear, but it's a fear that fuels me, that makes me want to work harder, that makes me take on more challenges.;Alexander Wang;failure
Is anarchism possible? The failure of attempts to attain freedom does not mean the cause is lost.;Johann Most;failure
When an action is once done, it is right or wrong for ever no accidental failure of its good or evil fruits can possibly alter that.;William Kingdon Clifford;failure
The difference between a beautifully made failure and a beautifully made hit is who you've got playing the leads.;Steven Moffat;failure
In God's world, for those who are in earnest, there is no failure. No work truly done, no word earnestly spoken, no sacrifice freely made, was ever made in vain.;Frederick William Robertson;failure
If I didn't have children, I think my life would be a failure.;Yann Martel;failure
Every book I've written has been a different attempt to understand something, and the success or failure of the previous one is irrelevant. I write the book I want.;Yann Martel;failure
We feel a lot of pressure about looking silly or appearing weak, whatever that means, or being a failure. You have to keep in your head: what's the worst that can happen?;Michael Fassbender;failure
I'm living life as best I can - but I'm not exempt from failure and making bad choices.;LeAnn Rimes;failure
Failure, it is thought, is what sells, and what people want to hear and read about. I am not so sure.;Alastair Campbell;failure
There is an increasingly pervasive sense not only of failure, but of futility. The legislative process has become a cruel shell game and the service system has become a bureaucratic maze, inefficient, incomprehensible, and inaccessible.;Elliot Richardson;failure
I think I've failed every test I've ever taken. If there was a failure I would have been it.;Lisa Marie Presley;failure
I believe only in art and failure.;Jane Rule;failure
It's not a very high failure rate if you choose people that you really like the sound of.;Bryan Ferry;failure
Thoughtless risks are destructive, of course, but perhaps even more wasteful is thoughtless caution which prompts inaction and promotes failure to seize opportunity.;Gary Ryan Blair;failure
The failure in Ohio to have adequate voting capacity for the people who were registered and eligible to vote was an absolute denial of their right to vote.;Carol Moseley Braun;failure
It's how you deal with failure that determines how you achieve success.;Charlotte Whitton;failure
This is true enough, but success is the next best thing to happiness, and if you can't be happy as a success, it's very unlikely that you would find a deeper, truer happiness in failure.;Michael Korda;failure
It's not about failure it's about trying something and risking something for attaining your goal.;Carol Alt;failure
Definitely, it's a fear of failure that drives me.;Jerry Bruckheimer;failure
The great thing about baseball is the causality is easy to determine and it always falls on the shoulders of one person. So there is absolute responsibility. That's why baseball is psychologically the cruelest sport and why it really requires psychological resources to play baseball - because you have to learn to live with failure.;Michael Mandelbaum;failure
Americans, who make more of marrying for love than any other people, also break up more of their marriages, but the figure reflects not so much the failure of love as the determination of people not to live without it.;Morton Hunt;failure
The failure of The Cable Guy impacted my career. I had to start writing and acting again.;Ben Stiller;failure
No failure in America, whether of love or money, is ever simple it is always a kind of betrayal, of a mass of shadowy, shared hopes.;Greil Marcus;failure
The key to accepting responsibility for your life is to accept the fact that your choices, every one of them, are leading you inexorably to either success or failure, however you define those terms.;Neal Boortz;failure
The failure of Christianity in the areas west from Sicily was even greater, and was increased by the spread of Arab outlooks and influence to that area, and especially to Spain.;Carroll Quigley;failure
It is hard as an American to support the failure of American military operations in Iraq. Such failure will bring with it the death and wounding of many American service members, and many more Iraqis.;Scott Ritter;failure
I understand the harsh feelings and sentiments from my opponents and their supporters because I myself have been defeated twice in my political life in the past and I understand very well it is hard to accept your own failure.;Chen Shui-bian;failure
That's the conundrum of cartoon stripping, as opposed to political cartoons. When your anger is the driving force of your drawing hand, failure follows. The anger is OK, but it has to serve the interests of the heart, frankly.;Berkeley Breathed;failure
Sometimes people call me a success for all the reasons that make me think I'm a failure.;William Hurt;failure
We judged that a sudden, disorderly failure of Bear would have brought with it unpredictable but severe consequences for the functioning of the broader financial system and the broader economy, with lower equity prices, further downward pressure on home values, and less access to credit for companies and households.;Timothy Geithner;failure
Failure is unfortunately as common as success.;Sanjay Kumar;failure
What we've got here is a failure to communicate.;Donn Pearce;failure
You must not demand the failure of your peers, because the more good things that are around in film, in television, in theater - why the better it is for all of us.;Jerome Lawrence;failure
In a crowded marketplace, fitting in is a failure. In a busy marketplace, not standing out is the same as being invisible.;Seth Godin;failure
So nevertheless, what I'm saying is that what one is - one's parameters are constantly narrowed by one's success, and my desire is to widen my field even if I risk failure.;Jeremy Irons;failure
I constantly experience failure in that my work is never as good as I want it to be. So I live with failure.;Jeremy Irons;failure
I'm very comfortable with failure. I'm very comfortable being the guy who disappoints people.;Steven Soderbergh;failure
As soon as I did my first five minutes of stand-up I knew that I would rather be a failure at comedy than a success in marketing.;Jimmy Carr;failure
Philanthropic colonization is a failure. National colonization will succeed.;Theodor Herzl;failure
I don't need to be looking at every failure of government, I need to be looking where failure of government needs reform.;Darrell Issa;failure
I think it's one of the main negative emotional ingredients that fuels show business, because there's so much at stake and the fear of failure looms large.;Garry Shandling;failure
Well, the idea is that failure is an inevitable partner on the road to success and, if you're not willing to confront failure, you can never find out how good you are.;Peter Guber;failure
Beside every great success are the seeds of enormous failure. In every failure, there's the opportunity seeds of great success. They're not miles apart. So if they're that close together, and if you're really working, you're always gonna have that likelihood that something's not going to work.;Peter Guber;failure
Our failure to find weapons of mass destruction in Iraq thus far has been deeply troubling, and our intelligence-gathering process needs thorough and unbiased investigation.;Adam Schiff;failure
The very reasons sometimes that you make a film are the reasons for its failure.;Sydney Pollack;failure
