The charm of history and its enigmatic lesson consist in the fact that, from age to age, nothing changes and yet everything is completely different.;Aldous Huxley;history
Time will inevitably uncover dishonesty and lies history has no place for them.;Norodom Sihanouk;history
Love is never defeated, and I could add, the history of Ireland proves it.;Pope John Paul II;history
Whether a woman's running for office or she's supporting her husband who's running for office and she gets criticised for wearing open-toed shoes or for the colour of her coat, there's just a lot of history that you bear if you are a woman who puts herself out in the political arena.;Hillary Clinton;history
I don't believe in accidents. There are only encounters in history. There are no accidents.;Pablo Picasso;history
The history of philosophy is to a great extent that of a certain clash of human temperaments.;William James;history
Every age has its own poetry in every age the circumstances of history choose a nation, a race, a class to take up the torch by creating situations that can be expressed or transcended only through poetry.;Jean-Paul Sartre;history
From their experience or from the recorded experience of others (history), men learn only what their passions and their metaphysical prejudices allow them to learn.;Aldous Huxley;history
Religions, which condemn the pleasures of sense, drive men to seek the pleasures of power. Throughout history power has been the vice of the ascetic.;Bertrand Russell;history
Skepticism is a virtue in history as well as in philosophy.;Napoleon Bonaparte;history
No great man lives in vain. The history of the world is but the biography of great men.;Thomas Carlyle;history
I lead no party I follow no leader. I have given the best part of my life to careful study of Islam, its law and polity, its culture, its history and its literature.;Muhammad Iqbal;history
What is history? An echo of the past in the future a reflex from the future on the past.;Victor Hugo;history
Well, for us, in history where goodness is a rare pearl, he who was good almost takes precedence over he who was great.;Victor Hugo;history
The history of all previous societies has been the history of class struggles.;Karl Marx;history
In all history there is no war which was not hatched by the governments, the governments alone, independent of the interests of the people, to whom war is always pernicious even when successful.;Leo Tolstoy;history
The very concept of objective truth is fading out of the world. Lies will pass into history.;George Orwell;history
The Bible is one of the most genocidal books in history.;Noam Chomsky;history
Revolutions are the locomotives of history.;Karl Marx;history
For the very first time the young are seeing history being made before it is censored by their elders.;Margaret Mead;history
For the first time in the history of mankind, one generation literally has the power to destroy the past, the present and the future, the power to bring time to an end.;Hubert H. Humphrey;history
As I speak to you today, government censors somewhere are working furiously to erase my words from the records of history. But history itself has already condemned these tactics.;Hillary Clinton;history
The slightest acquaintance with history shows that powerful republics are the most warlike and unscrupulous of nations.;Ambrose Bierce;history
Who has fully realized that history is not contained in thick books but lives in our very blood?;Carl Jung;history
It is in the admission of ignorance and the admission of uncertainty that there is a hope for the continuous motion of human beings in some direction that doesn't get confined, permanently blocked, as it has so many times before in various periods in the history of man.;Richard P. Feynman;history
History, a distillation of rumour.;Thomas Carlyle;history
This is a moment in history where it is almost hard to catch your breath.;Hillary Clinton;history
The history of free men is never really written by chance but by choice their choice!;Dwight D. Eisenhower;history
We are dealing with the best-educated generation in history. But they've got a brain dressed up with nowhere to go.;Timothy Leary;history
History shows that the majority of people that have done anything great have passed their youth in seclusion.;Thomas Carlyle;history
Passion is universal humanity. Without it religion, history, romance and art would be useless.;Honore de Balzac;history
If we could read the secret history of our enemies we should find in each man's life sorrow and suffering enough to disarm all hostility.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;history
We have not invaded anyone. We have not conquered anyone. We have not grabbed their land, their culture, their history and tried to enforce our way of life on them.;Abdul Kalam;history
The writer may very well serve a movement of history as its mouthpiece, but he cannot of course create it.;Karl Marx;history
History has taught us over and over again that freedom is not free. When push comes to shove, the ultimate protectors of freedom and liberty are the brave men and women in our armed forces. Throughout our history, they've answered the call in bravery and sacrifice.;Tim Pawlenty;history
A Conservative is a fellow who is standing athwart history yelling 'Stop!';William F. Buckley, Jr.;history
Judging from the main portions of the history of the world, so far, justice is always in jeopardy.;Walt Whitman;history
The view of Jerusalem is the history of the world it is more, it is the history of earth and of heaven.;Benjamin Disraeli;history
Thanks to television, for the first time the young are seeing history made before it is censored by their elders.;Margaret Mead;history
People who make history know nothing about history. You can see that in the sort of history they make.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;history
One truth stands firm. All that happens in world history rests on something spiritual. If the spiritual is strong, it creates world history. If it is weak, it suffers world history.;Albert Schweitzer;history
History suggests that capitalism is a necessary condition for political freedom. Clearly it is not a sufficient condition.;Milton Friedman;history
And remember, where you have a concentration of power in a few hands, all too frequently men with the mentality of gangsters get control. History has proven that.;Lord Acton;history
Things have never been more like the way they are today in history.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;history
Read no history: nothing but biography, for that is life without theory.;Benjamin Disraeli;history
If history were taught in the form of stories, it would never be forgotten.;Rudyard Kipling;history
You should read history and look at ostracism, persecution, martyrdom, and that kind of thing. They always happen to the best men, you know.;George Eliot;history
Our nation was created in ways that allow human potential to prosper, and it created the greatest nation for people in the history of humanity. Now Obama is dismantling it, because he has no appreciation for our greatness. In fact, he resents it. He blames this country for whatever evils he sees around the world.;Rush Limbaugh;history
The Internet is the most important single development in the history of human communication since the invention of call waiting.;Dave Barry;history
Life isn't meant to be easy. It's hard to take being on the top - or on the bottom. I guess I'm something of a fatalist. You have to have a sense of history, I think, to survive some of these things... Life is one crisis after another.;Richard M. Nixon;history
American history is longer, larger, more various, more beautiful, and more terrible than anything anyone has ever said about it.;James A. Baldwin;history
I am what time, circumstance, history, have made of me, certainly, but I am also, much more than that. So are we all.;James A. Baldwin;history
Assassination has never changed the history of the world.;Benjamin Disraeli;history
If you have autism in the family history, you still vaccinate. Delay it a bit, space them out.;Temple Grandin;history
Those who have no record of what their forebears have accomplished lose the inspiration which comes from the teaching of biography and history.;Carter G. Woodson;history
Rome - the city of visible history, where the past of a whole hemisphere seems moving in funeral procession with strange ancestral images and trophies gathered from afar.;George Eliot;history
It is humiliating to remain with our hands folded while others write history. It matters little who wins. To make a people great it is necessary to send them to battle even if you have to kick them in the pants. That is what I shall do.;Benito Mussolini;history
Today, for the first time in history, a Bishop of Rome sets foot on English soil. This fair land, once a distant outpost of the pagan world, has become, through the preaching of the Gospel, a beloved and gifted portion of Christ's vineyard.;Pope John Paul II;history
Of the twenty-two civilizations that have appeared in history, nineteen of them collapsed when they reached the moral state the United States is in now.;Arnold J. Toynbee;history
The future is not Big Government. Self-serving politicians. Powerful bureaucrats. This has been tried, tested throughout history. The result has always been disaster. President Obama, your agenda is not new. It's not change, and it's not hope.;Rush Limbaugh;history
The happiest women, like the happiest nations, have no history.;George Eliot;history
Outside the kingdom of the Lord there is no nation which is greater than any other. God and history will remember your judgment.;Haile Selassie;history
Nixon is one of the few in the history of this country to run for high office talking out of both sides of his mouth at the same time and lying out of both sides.;Harry S. Truman;history
History develops, art stands still.;E. M. Forster;history
Minimalism seems closest to the sophisticated storytelling of movies. Movies have really educated contemporary audiences to be the most intelligent, sophisticated audiences in history. We don't any longer need to have the relationship between one scene and the next explained. We will figure it out ourselves.;Chuck Palahniuk;history
All humanity is passion without passion, religion, history, novels, art would be ineffectual.;Honore de Balzac;history
It is all one to me if a man comes from Sing Sing Prison or Harvard. We hire a man, not his history.;Malcolm Forbes;history
We live in a moment of history where change is so speeded up that we begin to see the present only when it is already disappearing.;R. D. Laing;history
Neither current events nor history show that the majority rule, or ever did rule.;Jefferson Davis;history
History is a race between education and catastrophe.;H. G. Wells;history
The thing about black history is that the truth is so much more complex than anything you could make up.;Henry Louis Gates;history
No humorist is under any obligation to provide answers and probably if you were to delve into the literary history of humour it's probably all about not providing answers because the humorist essentially says: this is the way things are.;P. J. O'Rourke;history
One of the enduring problems with certain societies in the world - and this is certainly true of a lot of places in the Middle East - is that the capacity for self-governance and self-organizing just isn't there. It has to do with history.;P. J. O'Rourke;history
Antiquities are history defaced, or some remnants of history which have casually escaped the shipwreck of time.;Francis Bacon;history
Newspapers are the second hand of history. This hand, however, is usually not only of inferior metal to the other hands, it also seldom works properly.;Arthur Schopenhauer;history
The history of art is the history of revivals.;Samuel Butler;history
Strangers are exciting, their mystery never ends. But, there's nothing like looking at your own history in the faces of your friends.;Ani DiFranco;history
I am thankful the most important key in history was invented. It's not the key to your house, your car, your boat, your safety deposit box, your bike lock or your private community. It's the key to order, sanity, and peace of mind. The key is 'Delete.';Elayne Boosler;history
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift. That's why we call it the present.;Babatunde Olatunji;history
Little islands of human happiness, peace, and prosperity are so exceptional at this point in history that I'm not even sure we can draw lessons from them.;P. J. O'Rourke;history
I don't think we handled the aftermath of the fall of Baghdad as well as we might have. But that's now history.;Colin Powell;history
It's very strange that most people don't care if their knowledge of their family history only goes back three generations.;Doug Coupland;history
We have wasted History like a bunch of drunks shooting dice back in the men's crapper of the local bar.;Charles Bukowski;history
I don't want a Black History Month. Black history is American history.;Morgan Freeman;history
The history of the world is the record of the weakness, frailty and death of public opinion.;Samuel Butler;history
If you think you have it tough, read history books.;Bill Maher;history
But perhaps the rest of us could have separate classes in science appreciation, the wonder of science, scientific ways of thinking, and the history of scientific ideas, rather than laboratory experience.;Richard Dawkins;history
A library is the delivery room for the birth of ideas, a place where history comes to life.;Norman Cousins;history
The worst mistake of first contact, made throughout history by individuals on both sides of every new encounter, has been the unfortunate habit of making assumptions. It often proved fatal.;David Brin;history
I want no epitaphs of profound history and all that type of thing. I contributed. I would hope they would say that, and I would hope somebody liked me.;Brian Clough;history
Well, I think that California has had a history of always spending more money than it takes in.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;history
The new rage is to say that the government is the cause of all our problems, and if only we had no government, we'd have no problems. I can tell you, that contradicts evidence, history, and common sense.;William J. Clinton;history
The greatest tragedy in mankind's entire history may be the hijacking of morality by religion.;Arthur C. Clarke;history
History shows that there are no invincible armies.;Joseph Stalin;history
History books that contain no lies are extremely dull.;Anatole France;history
It is possible to read the history of this country as one long struggle to extend the liberties established in our Constitution to everyone in America.;Molly Ivins;history
I'm not one of those who wants to purge our society of our Christian history.;Richard Dawkins;history
A strange thing is memory, and hope one looks backward, and the other forward one is of today, the other of tomorrow. Memory is history recorded in our brain, memory is a painter, it paints pictures of the past and of the day.;Grandma Moses;history
Neither the life of an individual nor the history of a society can be understood without understanding both.;C. Wright Mills;history
