If Liberia has failed, then, it is no evidence of the failure of the Negro in government. It is merely evidence of the failure of slavery.;Carter G. Woodson;failure
Every adversity, every failure, and every heartache, carries with it the Seed of an equivalent or greater Benefit.;Napolean Hill;failure
However things may seem, no evil thing is success and no good thing is failure.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;failure
There is not a fiercer hell than the failure in a great object.;John Keats;failure
We learn wisdom from failure much more than from success. We often discover what will do, by finding out what will not do and probably he who never made a mistake never made a discovery.;Samuel Smiles;failure
Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble.;Shahrukh Khan;failure
Women, like men, should try to do the impossible. And when they fail, their failure should be a challenge to others.;Amelia Earhart;failure
Discipline is based on pride, on meticulous attention to details, and on mutual respect and confidence. Discipline must be a habit so ingrained that it is stronger than the excitement of the goal or the fear of failure.;Gary Ryan Blair;failure
The only real failure in life is one not learned from.;Anthony J. D'Angelo;failure
There is no loneliness greater than the loneliness of a failure. The failure is a stranger in his own house.;Eric Hoffer;failure
Keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.;Roger Babson;failure
I'm hopeful. I know there is a lot of ambition in Washington, obviously. But I hope the ambitious realize that they are more likely to succeed with success as opposed to failure.;George W. Bush;failure
As I said there is nothing wrong with failing. Pick yourself up and try it again. You never are going to know how good you really are until you go out and face failure.;Henry Kravis;failure
I read less and less. I have not forgiven books for their failure to tell me the truth and make me happy.;Mason Cooley;failure
The point is not to take the world's opinion as a guiding star but to go one's way in life and working unerringly, neither depressed by failure nor seduced by applause.;Gustav Mahler;failure
Children love and want to be loved and they very much prefer the joy of accomplishment to the triumph of hateful failure. Do not mistake a child for his symptom.;Erik Erikson;failure
It is often the failure who is the pioneer in new lands, new undertakings, and new forms of expression.;Eric Hoffer;failure
Often the difference between a successful man and a failure is not one's better abilities or ideas, but the courage that one has to bet on his ideas, to take a calculated risk, and to act.;Maxwell Maltz;failure
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.;Truman Capote;failure
I have always been pushed by the negative. The apparent failure of a play sends me back to my typewriter that very night, before the reviews are out. I am more compelled to get back to work than if I had a success.;Tennessee Williams;failure
But while success and failure depend on conditions, the mind neither waxes nor wanes.;Bodhidharma;failure
It's not necessary to fear the prospect of failure but to be determined not to fail.;Jimmy Carter;failure
Failure means a stripping away of the inessential.;J. K. Rowling;failure
We need to teach the highly educated man that it is not a disgrace to fail and that he must analyze every failure to find its cause. He must learn how to fail intelligently, for failing is one of the greatest arts in the world.;Charles Kettering;failure
Don't think of it as failure. Think of it as time-released success.;Robert Orben;failure
Sometimes failure isn't an opportunity in disguise, it's just you.;Doug Coupland;failure
Failure is authentic, and because it's authentic, it's real and genuine, and because of that, it's a pure state of being.;Doug Coupland;failure
In high school, in sport, I had a coach who told me I was much better than I thought I was, and would make me do more in a positive sense. He was the first person who taught me not to be afraid of failure.;Mike Krzyzewski;failure
Crime and bad lives are the measure of a State's failure, all crime in the end is the crime of the community.;H. G. Wells;failure
Whether in success or in failure, I'm proud of every single movie I've ever directed.;Steven Spielberg;failure
Failure has gone to his head.;Wilson Mizner;failure
Any critic is entitled to wrong judgments, of course. But certain lapses of judgment indicate the radical failure of an entire sensibility.;Susan Sontag;failure
Belief in the supernatural reflects a failure of the imagination.;Edward Abbey;failure
Man's sin is in his failure to live what he is. Being the master of the earth, man forgets that he is the servant of God.;Abraham Joshua Heschel;failure
If a building looks better under construction than it does when finished, then it's a failure.;Doug Coupland;failure
Sometimes the best lighting of all is a power failure.;Doug Coupland;failure
Most success springs from an obstacle or failure. I became a cartoonist largely because I failed in my goal of becoming a successful executive.;Scott Adams;failure
Young players need freedom of expression to develop as creative players... they should be encouraged to try skills without fear of failure.;Arsene Wenger;failure
I love Rauschenberg. I love that he created a turning point in visual history, that he redefined the idea of beauty, that he combined painting, sculpture, photography, and everyday life with such gall, and that he was interested in, as he put it, 'the ability to conceive failure as progress.';Jerry Saltz;failure
This dullness of vision regarding the importance of the general welfare to the individual is the measure of the failure of our schools and churches to teach the spiritual significance of genuine democracy.;Henry A. Wallace;failure
A real failure does not need an excuse. It is an end in itself.;Gertrude Stein;failure
The man who has done his level best... is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure.;B. C. Forbes;failure
Any man who has $10,000 left when he dies is a failure.;Errol Flynn;failure
There is much to be said for failure. It is much more interesting than success.;Max Beerbohm;failure
You have to be able to accept failure to get better.;LeBron James;failure
Please know that I am aware of the hazards. I want to do it because I want to do it. Women must try to do things as men have tried. When they fail, their failure must be a challenge to others.;Amelia Earhart;failure
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.;Earl Wilson;failure
The will to persevere is often the difference between failure and success.;David Sarnoff;failure
Failure is simply the non-presence of success. But a fiasco is a disaster of mythic proportions.;Orlando Bloom;failure
I believe in trusting men, not only once but twice - in giving a failure another chance.;James Cash Penney;failure
Within the U.S., the Obama presidency will be mainly measured by the success or failure of his economic policies. And here, I fear, the monstrous stimulus package with which this administration stumbled out of the gate will prove to be Obama's Waterloo.;Camille Paglia;failure
The person interested in success has to learn to view failure as a healthy, inevitable part of the process of getting to the top.;Joyce Brothers;failure
The failure of academic feminists to recognize difference as a crucial strength is a failure to reach beyond the first patriarchal lesson. In our world, divide and conquer must become define and empower.;Audre Lorde;failure
Women must try to do things as men have tried. When they fail their failure must be but a challenge to others.;Amelia Earhart;failure
Mass transportation is doomed to failure in North America because a person's car is the only place where he can be alone and think.;Marshall McLuhan;failure
If we don't succeed we run the risk of failure.;Dan Quayle;failure
Most of us spend the first six days of each week sowing wild oats then we go to church on Sunday and pray for a crop failure.;Fred Allen;failure
Ultimately, all human activities have as their goal the realization of happiness. Why, then, have we ended up producing the opposite result? Could the underlying cause be our failure to correctly understand the true nature of happiness?;Daisaku Ikeda;failure
I don't want the fear of failure to stop me from doing what I really care about.;Emma Watson;failure
Translation is the art of failure.;Umberto Eco;failure
I've probably earned the right to screw up a few times. I don't want the fear of failure to stop me from doing what I really care about.;Emma Watson;failure
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure - which is: Try to please everybody.;Herbert Bayard Swope;failure
For families across the UK who are income-poor, but more than that, whose lives are blighted by worklessness, educational failure, family breakdown, problem debt and poor health, as well as other problems, giving them an extra pound - say through increased benefits - will not address the reason they find themselves in difficulty in the first place.;Iain Duncan Smith;failure
Not failure, but low aim is sin.;Benjamin E. Mays;failure
Failure is a part of success.;Hank Aaron;failure
We know there is no such thing as freedom without the risk of failure.;Rick Perry;failure
Heaven knows that I have done all that a mortal could do, to save the people, and the failure was not my fault, but the fault of others.;Davy Crockett;failure
Success is usually the culmination of controlling failure.;Sylvester Stallone;failure
There are no mistakes, save one: the failure to learn from a mistake.;Robert Fripp;failure
So many financial dreams are thwarted by the failure to act upon good intentions.;Suze Orman;failure
A minute's success pays the failure of years.;Robert Browning;failure
Who I am as a guitarist is defined by my failure to become Jimi Hendrix.;John Mayer;failure
There's no right or wrong, success or failure.;Miley Cyrus;failure
That sense of failure, I don't know where people put it who don't write songs and aren't able to emote physically. It must go somewhere.;Sting;failure
In politics, what begins in fear usually ends in failure.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;failure
If you're the type of person who has to fulfill your dreams, you've gotta be resourceful to make sure you can do it. I came out to California when I was 21, thinking my New York credentials would take me all the way. I came back home a year later all dejected and a failure.;Vin Diesel;failure
I think you have to try and fail, because failure gets you closer to what you're good at.;Louis C. K.;failure
Pressure is a word that is misused in our vocabulary. When you start thinking of pressure, it's because you've started to think of failure.;Tommy Lasorda;failure
About the only problem with success is that it does not teach you how to deal with failure.;Tommy Lasorda;failure
The main failure of education is that it has not prepared people to comprehend matters concerning human destiny.;Norman Cousins;failure
It is a mistake to suppose that men succeed through success they much oftener succeed through failures. Precept, study, advice, and example could never have taught them so well as failure has done.;Samuel Smiles;failure
Success and failure are both part of life. Both are not permanent.;Shahrukh Khan;failure
I want to swim in both directions at once. Desire success, court failure.;Alan Rickman;failure
I was taught that to create anything you had to believe in failure, simply because you had to be prepared to go through an idea without any fear. Failure, you learned, as I did in art school, to be a wonderful thing. It allowed you to get up in the morning and take the pillow off your head.;Malcolm Mclaren;failure
The clearest explanation for the failure of any marriage is that the two people are incompatible that is, that one is male and the other female.;Anna Quindlen;failure
I have a tendency to sabotage relationships I have a tendency to sabotage everything. Fear of success, fear of failure, fear of being afraid. Useless, good-for-nothing thoughts.;Michael Buble;failure
Failure is impossible.;Susan B. Anthony;failure
All war represents a failure of diplomacy.;Tony Benn;failure
Well, I think that there's a very thin dividing line between success and failure. And I think if you start a business without financial backing, you're likely to go the wrong side of that dividing line.;Richard Branson;failure
We need to accept that we won't always make the right decisions, that we'll screw up royally sometimes - understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it's part of success.;Arianna Huffington;failure
Without failure there is no sweetness in success. There's no understanding of it.;Glenn Beck;failure
But I look at failure as education. In that respect, I am so well-educated.;Kathy Ireland;failure
There is no such thing as darkness only a failure to see.;Malcolm Muggeridge;failure
To harmonize the One with the Many, this is indeed a difficult adjustment, perhaps the most difficult of all, and so important, withal, that nations have perished from their failure to achieve it.;Irving Babbitt;failure
The failure of the White House and Congress to seriously address the nation's fiscal situation is certain to broaden the belief among many voters that the U.S. political system is broken.;Ron Fournier;failure
Failure's a natural part of life.;John Malkovich;failure
I mean, I love L.A. - I love living here. But I wish that we could make things without the need to hit a home run every single time. It's a unique thing to Hollywood that if you don't do that every time, then you're considered a failure. But it's like, 'Well, are you making movies to be successful? Or are you making movies to learn something?';Kristen Stewart;failure
I mean, I love L.A. - I love living here. But I wish that we could make things without the need to hit a home run every single time. It's a unique thing to Hollywood that if you don't do that every time, then you're considered a failure.;Kristen Stewart;failure
The exposed nature of life in the public square affects leaders' attitudes toward risk - and failure.;Dee Dee Myers;failure
