I am not interested in power for power's sake, but I'm interested in power that is moral, that is right and that is good.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;power
Concentrated power has always been the enemy of liberty.;Ronald Reagan;power
The means by which we live have outdistanced the ends for which we live. Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;power
Science investigates religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge which is power religion gives man wisdom which is control.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;power
Between stimulus and response there is a space. In that space is our power to choose our response. In our response lies our growth and our freedom.;Viktor E. Frankl;power
The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful and then only for a short while.;Albert Einstein;power
I do believe we're all connected. I do believe in positive energy. I do believe in the power of prayer. I do believe in putting good out into the world. And I believe in taking care of each other.;Harvey Fierstein;power
The unleashed power of the atom has changed everything save our modes of thinking and we thus drift toward unparalleled catastrophe.;Albert Einstein;power
Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.;Miguel Angel Ruiz;power
Anyway, no drug, not even alcohol, causes the fundamental ills of society. If we're looking for the source of our troubles, we shouldn't test people for drugs, we should test them for stupidity, ignorance, greed and love of power.;P. J. O'Rourke;power
The constitutions of most of our States assert that all power is inherent in the people that... it is their right and duty to be at all times armed.;Thomas Jefferson;power
Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe.;Voltaire;power
Concentrated power is not rendered harmless by the good intentions of those who create it.;Milton Friedman;power
These men ask for just the same thing, fairness, and fairness only. This, so far as in my power, they, and all others, shall have.;Abraham Lincoln;power
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power.;Lao Tzu;power
Only a man who knows what it is like to be defeated can reach down to the bottom of his soul and come up with the extra ounce of power it takes to win when the match is even.;Muhammad Ali;power
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.;Epictetus;power
We can be tired, weary and emotionally distraught, but after spending time alone with God, we find that He injects into our bodies energy, power and strength.;Charles Stanley;power
Power is of two kinds. One is obtained by the fear of punishment and the other by acts of love. Power based on love is a thousand times more effective and permanent then the one derived from fear of punishment.;Mahatma Gandhi;power
Our country is now taking so steady a course as to show by what road it will pass to destruction, to wit: by consolidation of power first, and then corruption, its necessary consequence.;Thomas Jefferson;power
Let us never forget that government is ourselves and not an alien power over us. The ultimate rulers of our democracy are not a President and senators and congressmen and government officials, but the voters of this country.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;power
You can change your world by changing your words... Remember, death and life are in the power of the tongue.;Joel Osteen;power
Anyone who has the power to make you believe absurdities has the power to make you commit injustices.;Voltaire;power
If some people have the belief or view that the Dalai Lama has some miracle power, that's totally nonsense.;Dalai Lama;power
In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;power
For good or for ill, air mastery is today the supreme expression of military power and fleets and armies, however vital and important, must accept a subordinate rank.;Winston Churchill;power
It is more agreeable to have the power to give than to receive.;Winston Churchill;power
The power of man has grown in every sphere, except over himself.;Winston Churchill;power
The ultimate value of life depends upon awareness and the power of contemplation rather than upon mere survival.;Aristotle;power
The power of an air force is terrific when there is nothing to oppose it.;Winston Churchill;power
It takes a lot of courage to release the familiar and seemingly secure, to embrace the new. But there is no real security in what is no longer meaningful. There is more security in the adventurous and exciting, for in movement there is life, and in change there is power.;Alan Cohen;power
When power leads man toward arrogance, poetry reminds him of his limitations. When power narrows the area of man's concern, poetry reminds him of the richness and diversity of existence. When power corrupts, poetry cleanses.;John F. Kennedy;power
Communism has never come to power in a country that was not disrupted by war or corruption, or both.;John F. Kennedy;power
I look forward to a great future for America - a future in which our country will match its military strength with our moral restraint, its wealth with our wisdom, its power with our purpose.;John F. Kennedy;power
Power is not alluring to pure minds.;Thomas Jefferson;power
Beliefs have the power to create and the power to destroy. Human beings have the awesome ability to take any experience of their lives and create a meaning that disempowers them or one that can literally save their lives.;Tony Robbins;power
True happiness involves the full use of one's power and talents.;John W. Gardner;power
This is one of the miracles of love: It gives a power of seeing through its own enchantments and yet not being disenchanted.;C. S. Lewis;power
Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys.;P. J. O'Rourke;power
One reason so few of us achieve what we truly want is that we never direct our focus we never concentrate our power. Most people dabble their way through life, never deciding to master anything in particular.;Tony Robbins;power
Words have no power to impress the mind without the exquisite horror of their reality.;Edgar Allan Poe;power
Knowledge will forever govern ignorance and a people who mean to be their own governors must arm themselves with the power which knowledge gives.;James Madison;power
What we call Man's power over Nature turns out to be a power exercised by some men over other men with Nature as its instrument.;C. S. Lewis;power
You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.;Marcus Aurelius;power
Respect your efforts, respect yourself. Self-respect leads to self-discipline. When you have both firmly under your belt, that's real power.;Clint Eastwood;power
All national institutions of churches, whether Jewish, Christian or Turkish, appear to me no other than human inventions, set up to terrify and enslave mankind, and monopolize power and profit.;Thomas Paine;power
Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;power
Where is the justice of political power if it executes the murderer and jails the plunderer, and then itself marches upon neighboring lands, killing thousands and pillaging the very hills?;Khalil Gibran;power
The only power any government has is the power to crack down on criminals. Well, when there aren't enough criminals, one makes them. One declares so many things to be a crime that it becomes impossible for men to live without breaking laws.;Ayn Rand;power
Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you.;Oprah Winfrey;power
In a democracy the poor will have more power than the rich, because there are more of them, and the will of the majority is supreme.;Aristotle;power
It is impossible for you to be angry and laugh at the same time. Anger and laughter are mutually exclusive and you have the power to choose either.;Wayne Dyer;power
The world is very different now. For man holds in his mortal hands the power to abolish all forms of human poverty, and all forms of human life.;John F. Kennedy;power
All the waste in a year from a nuclear power plant can be stored under a desk.;Ronald Reagan;power
We have the power to make this the best generation of mankind in the history of the world or to make it the last.;John F. Kennedy;power
Life is thickly sown with thorns, and I know no other remedy than to pass quickly through them. The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.;Voltaire;power
A sense is what has the power of receiving into itself the sensible forms of things without the matter, in the way in which a piece of wax takes on the impress of a signet-ring without the iron or gold.;Aristotle;power
I believe there are more instances of the abridgement of freedom of the people by gradual and silent encroachments by those in power than by violent and sudden usurpations.;James Madison;power
Now we have a problem in making our power credible, and Vietnam is the place.;John F. Kennedy;power
The world's biggest power is the youth and beauty of a woman.;Chanakya;power
Every human has four endowments- self awareness, conscience, independent will and creative imagination. These give us the ultimate human freedom... The power to choose, to respond, to change.;Stephen Covey;power
Before we acquire great power we must acquire wisdom to use it well.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;power
Nothing external to you has any power over you.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;power
The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days.;Lao Tzu;power
I assess the power of a will by how much resistance, pain, torture it endures and knows how to turn to its advantage.;Friedrich Nietzsche;power
Politicians also have no leisure, because they are always aiming at something beyond political life itself, power and glory, or happiness.;Aristotle;power
We have also arranged things so that almost no one understands science and technology. This is a prescription for disaster. We might get away with it for a while, but sooner or later this combustible mixture of ignorance and power is going to blow up in our faces.;Carl Sagan;power
The one exclusive sign of thorough knowledge is the power of teaching.;Aristotle;power
Power and speed be hands and feet.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;power
Power always thinks... that it is doing God's service when it is violating all his laws.;John Adams;power
There will be no end to the troubles of states, or of humanity itself, till philosophers become kings in this world, or till those we now call kings and rulers really and truly become philosophers, and political power and philosophy thus come into the same hands.;Plato;power
Undeserved praise causes more pangs of conscience later than undeserved blame, but probably only for this reason, that our power of judgment are more completely exposed by being over praised than by being unjustly underestimated.;Friedrich Nietzsche;power
Not necessity, not desire - no, the love of power is the demon of men. Let them have everything - health, food, a place to live, entertainment - they are and remain unhappy and low-spirited: for the demon waits and waits and will be satisfied.;Friedrich Nietzsche;power
The Vedanta recognizes no sin it only recognizes error. And the greatest error, says the Vedanta is to say that you are weak, that you are a sinner, a miserable creature, and that you have no power and you cannot do this and that.;Swami Vivekananda;power
There are old heads in the world who cannot help me by their example or advice to live worthily and satisfactorily to myself but I believe that it is in my power to elevate myself this very hour above the common level of my life.;Henry David Thoreau;power
War has always been the grand sagacity of every spirit which has grown too inward and too profound its curative power lies even in the wounds one receives.;Friedrich Nietzsche;power
A witty woman is a treasure a witty beauty is a power.;George Meredith;power
Arbitrary power is most easily established on the ruins of liberty abused to licentiousness.;George Washington;power
Fascism should more appropriately be called Corporatism because it is a merger of state and corporate power.;Benito Mussolini;power
What is good? All that heightens the feeling of power, the will to power, power itself in man.;Friedrich Nietzsche;power
The constitution vests the power of declaring war in Congress therefore no offensive expedition of importance can be undertaken until after they shall have deliberated upon the subject and authorized such a measure.;George Washington;power
The strongest and most effective force in guaranteeing the long-term maintenance of power is not violence in all the forms deployed by the dominant to control the dominated, but consent in all the forms in which the dominated acquiesce in their own domination.;Robert Frost;power
Only those who have learned the power of sincere and selfless contribution experience life's deepest joy: true fulfillment.;Tony Robbins;power
Power does not corrupt men fools, however, if they get into a position of power, corrupt power.;George Bernard Shaw;power
Because parents have power over children. They feel they have to do what their parents say. But the love of money is the root of all evil. And this is a sweet child. And to see him turn like this, this isn't him. This is not him.;Michael Jackson;power
Loyalty and devotion lead to bravery. Bravery leads to the spirit of self-sacrifice. The spirit of self-sacrifice creates trust in the power of love.;Morihei Ueshiba;power
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.;Tony Robbins;power
Capitalism has destroyed our belief in any effective power but that of self interest backed by force.;George Bernard Shaw;power
I only wish that ordinary people had an unlimited capacity for doing harm then they might have an unlimited power for doing good.;Socrates;power
The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it.;George Bernard Shaw;power
The trouble with her is that she lacks the power of conversation but not the power of speech.;George Bernard Shaw;power
I often say of George Washington that he was one of the few in the whole history of the world who was not carried away by power.;Robert Frost;power
She had lost the art of conversation but not, unfortunately, the power of speech.;George Bernard Shaw;power
We have it in our power to begin the world over again.;Thomas Paine;power
There is no such thing as a great talent without great will power.;Honore de Balzac;power
Fascism should rightly be called Corporatism, as it is the merger of corporate and government power.;Benito Mussolini;power
Come forward as servants of Islam, organise the people economically, socially, educationally and politically and I am sure that you will be a power that will be accepted by everybody.;Muhammad Ali Jinnah;power
Never underestimate the power of jealousy and the power of envy to destroy. Never underestimate that.;Oliver Stone;power
This revolution, the information revoultion, is a revolution of free energy as well, but of another kind: free intellectual energy. It's very crude today, yet our Macintosh computer takes less power than a 100-watt bulb to run it and it can save you hours a day. What will it be able to do ten or 20 years from now, or 50 years from now?;Steve Jobs;power
