Trust your instinct to the end, though you can render no reason.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;trust
He who has faith has... an inward reservoir of courage, hope, confidence, calmness, and assuring trust that all will come out well - even though to the world it may appear to come out most badly.;B. C. Forbes;trust
One of the common failings among honorable people is a failure to appreciate how thoroughly dishonorable some other people can be, and how dangerous it is to trust them.;Thomas Sowell;trust
Americans have the right and advantage of being armed - unlike the citizens of other countries whose governments are afraid to trust the people with arms.;James Madison;trust
We are dying from overthinking. We are slowly killing ourselves by thinking about everything. Think. Think. Think. You can never trust the human mind anyway. It's a death trap.;Anthony Hopkins;trust
Trust is hard to come by. That's why my circle is small and tight. I'm kind of funny about making new friends.;Eminem;trust
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;trust
Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity.;Khalil Gibran;trust
A blessed thing it is for any man or woman to have a friend, one human soul whom we can trust utterly, who knows the best and worst of us, and who loves us in spite of all our faults.;Charles Kingsley;trust
Disappointment is inevitable. But to become discouraged, there's a choice I make. God would never discourage me. He would always point me to himself to trust him. Therefore, my discouragement is from Satan. As you go through the emotions that we have, hostility is not from God, bitterness, unforgiveness, all of these are attacks from Satan.;Charles Stanley;trust
I've realized that being happy is a choice. You never want to rub anybody the wrong way or not be fun to be around, but you have to be happy. When I get logical and I don't trust my instincts - Thats when I get in trouble.;Angelina Jolie;trust
Age appears to be best in four things old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read.;Francis Bacon;trust
The 'public' scares me, but people I trust.;Marilyn Monroe;trust
If the people cannot trust their government to do the job for which it exists - to protect them and to promote their common welfare - all else is lost.;Barack Obama;trust
When a train goes through a tunnel and it gets dark, you don't throw away the ticket and jump off. You sit still and trust the engineer.;Corrie Ten Boom;trust
Loyalty and devotion lead to bravery. Bravery leads to the spirit of self-sacrifice. The spirit of self-sacrifice creates trust in the power of love.;Morihei Ueshiba;trust
This world of ours... must avoid becoming a community of dreadful fear and hate, and be, instead, a proud confederation of mutual trust and respect.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;trust
To have faith is to trust yourself to the water. When you swim you don't grab hold of the water, because if you do you will sink and drown. Instead you relax, and float.;Alan Watts;trust
Never make your home in a place. Make a home for yourself inside your own head. You'll find what you need to furnish it - memory, friends you can trust, love of learning, and other such things. That way it will go with you wherever you journey.;Tad Williams;trust
Do not let your hearts be troubled. Trust in God trust also in me.;Jesus Christ;trust
I lost my sense of trust, honesty and compassion. I crashed down and became what I consider an emotional mess. I've never been so miserable in my whole life. I just wanted to go to bed and never get up.;Shania Twain;trust
The senses deceive from time to time, and it is prudent never to trust wholly those who have deceived us even once.;Rene Descartes;trust
Sometimes you trust someone who turns out not to be honest. There are a lot of things that happen in life that don't turn out the way you're given the impression that they will. And I think that's all kind of a con. But I think we've probably all been hurt.;Sigourney Weaver;trust
There is danger from all men. The only maxim of a free government ought to be to trust no man living with power to endanger the public liberty.;John Adams;trust
I have known a vast quantity of nonsense talked about bad men not looking you in the face. Don't trust that conventional idea. Dishonesty will stare honesty out of countenance any day in the week, if there is anything to be got by it.;Charles Dickens;trust
The Constitution preserves the advantage of being armed which Americans possess over the people of almost every other nation where the governments are afraid to trust the people with arms.;James Madison;trust
I love women, but I feel like you can't trust some of them. Some of them are liars, you know? Like I was in the park and I met this girl, she was cute and she had a dog. And I went up to her, we started talking. She told me her dog's name. Then I said, 'Does he bite?' She said, 'No.' And I said, 'Oh yeah? Then how does he eat?' Liar.;Demetri Martin;trust
The only white man you can trust is a dead white man.;Robert Mugabe;trust
One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.;E. M. Forster;trust
In almost every profession - whether it's law or journalism, finance or medicine or academia or running a small business - people rely on confidential communications to do their jobs. We count on the space of trust that confidentiality provides. When someone breaches that trust, we are all worse off for it.;Hillary Clinton;trust
There's as much crookedness as you want to find. There was something Abraham Lincoln said - he'd rather trust and be disappointed than distrust and be miserable all the time. Maybe I trusted too much.;John Wooden;trust
I cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself.;Robert E. Lee;trust
Faith is not belief without proof, but trust without reservation.;D. Elton Trueblood;trust
For it is mutual trust, even more than mutual interest that holds human associations together. Our friends seldom profit us but they make us feel safe. Marriage is a scheme to accomplish exactly that same end.;H. L. Mencken;trust
Mr. Chairman, delegates. I accept your nomination for President of the United States of America. I do so with humility, deeply moved by the trust you have placed in me. It is a great honor. It is an even greater responsibility.;Mitt Romney;trust
In our minds, love and lust are really separated. It's hard to find someone that can be kind and you can trust enough to leave your kids with, and isn't afraid to throw her man up against the wall and lick him from head to toe.;Tori Amos;trust
A wedding anniversary is the celebration of love, trust, partnership, tolerance and tenacity. The order varies for any given year.;Paul Sweeney;trust
Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him.;Booker T. Washington;trust
Trust is the glue of life. It's the most essential ingredient in effective communication. It's the foundational principle that holds all relationships.;Stephen Covey;trust
It is better to suffer wrong than to do it, and happier to be sometimes cheated than not to trust.;Samuel Johnson;trust
My trust in a higher power that wants me to survive and have love in my life, is what keeps me moving forward.;Kenny Loggins;trust
I asked a ref if he could give me a technical foul for thinking bad things about him. He said, of course not. I said, well, I think you stink. And he gave me a technical. You can't trust em.;Jim Valvano;trust
It's good to trust others but, not to do so is much better.;Benito Mussolini;trust
Call it loyalty, call it what you want, but I suppose I've got people up here who I'm really tight with, we've made a lot of great bonds over the last few years and I've got people in my corner I can trust.;Jonathan Brown;trust
Ah! yes, I know: those who see me rarely trust my word: I must look too intelligent to keep it.;Jean-Paul Sartre;trust
He that takes truth for his guide, and duty for his end, may safely trust to God's providence to lead him aright.;Blaise Pascal;trust
Nobody expects to trust his body overmuch after the age of fifty.;Alexander Hamilton;trust
I don't trust liberals, I trust conservatives.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;trust
Love shouldn't be about jealousy or anything like that. It should be about commitment and being able to trust that person. If you can't have that from the get-go, there's a problem.;Aaron Carter;trust
I trust no one, not even myself.;Joseph Stalin;trust
I like women, but you can't always trust them. Some of them are big liars, like this one woman I met who had a dog. I asked her her dog's name and then I asked, 'Does he bite?' and she said, 'No.' And I said, 'So how does he eat?' Liar!;Demetri Martin;trust
What we talked about will have to remain a secret between him and me. I spoke to him as a brother whom I have pardoned and who has my complete trust.;Pope John Paul II;trust
Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain.;J. K. Rowling;trust
There is only one thing for us to do, and that is to do our level best right where we are every day of our lives To use our best judgment, and then to trust the rest to that Power which holds the forces of the universe in his hands.;Orison Swett Marden;trust
Trust and belief are two prime considerations. You must not allow yourself to be opinionated.;James Dean;trust
Trust that little voice in your head that says 'Wouldn't it be interesting if...' And then do it.;Duane Michals;trust
Trust has to be earned, and should come only after the passage of time.;Arthur Ashe;trust
Confidence is that feeling by which the mind embarks in great and honorable courses with a sure hope and trust in itself.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;trust
You don't repair that relationship by sitting down and talking about trust or making promises. Actually, what rebuilds it is living it and doing things differently - and I think that is what is going to make the difference.;Patricia Hewitt;trust
Woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love - and to put its trust in life.;Joseph Conrad;trust
Authenticity is the alignment of head, mouth, heart, and feet - thinking, saying, feeling, and doing the same thing - consistently. This builds trust, and followers love leaders they can trust.;Lance Secretan;trust
Even in the common affairs of life, in love, friendship, and marriage, how little security have we when we trust our happiness in the hands of others!;William Hazlitt;trust
I get along with guys most of my friends are guys. It's easier to trust men sometimes. I only have a few close girlfriends that I trust.;Paris Hilton;trust
Suppliers and especially manufacturers have market power because they have information about a product or a service that the customer does not and cannot have, and does not need if he can trust the brand. This explains the profitability of brands.;Peter Drucker;trust
Faith is a state of openness or trust.;Alan Watts;trust
People come into your life and people leave it... you just have to trust that life has a road mapped out for you.;Orlando Bloom;trust
So near is falsehood to truth that a wise man would do well not to trust himself on the narrow edge.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;trust
Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window.;Steve Wozniak;trust
The fact is, with every friendship you make, and every bond of trust you establish, you are shaping the image of America projected to the rest of the world. That is so important. So when you study abroad, you're actually helping to make America stronger.;Michelle Obama;trust
Beware of anyone who says they know. Trust me, they don't, or they wouldn't have to say they did.;Harvey Fierstein;trust
Trust dies but mistrust blossoms.;Sophocles;trust
A garden is a grand teacher. It teaches patience and careful watchfulness it teaches industry and thrift above all it teaches entire trust.;Gertrude Jekyll;trust
You must trust and believe in people or life becomes impossible.;Anton Chekhov;trust
Trust not yourself, but your defects to know, make use of every friend and every foe.;Alexander Pope;trust
We're never so vulnerable than when we trust someone - but paradoxically, if we cannot trust, neither can we find love or joy.;Walter Anderson;trust
He who receives money in trust to administer for the benefit of its owner, and uses it either for his own interest or against the wishes of its rightful owner, is a thief.;Jose Marti;trust
Those who trust to chance must abide by the results of chance.;Calvin Coolidge;trust
I wouldn't trust Nixon from here to that phone.;Barry Goldwater;trust
Seize the day, and put the least possible trust in tomorrow.;Horace;trust
Surplus wealth is a sacred trust which its possessor is bound to administer in his lifetime for the good of the community.;Andrew Carnegie;trust
Only trust thyself, and another shall not betray thee.;William Penn;trust
The key is to get to know people and trust them to be who they are. Instead, we trust people to be who we want them to be - and when they're not, we cry.;David Duchovny;trust
It's hard knowing who to trust with your personal life. When you cry in your room at night, you don't always know who to call. So I am very close to my family.;Lady Gaga;trust
The true and solid peace of nations consists not in equality of arms, but in mutual trust alone.;Pope John XXIII;trust
To restore the trust of the people, we must reform the way the government operates.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;trust
I feel good because I believe I have made progress in rebuilding the people's trust in their government.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;trust
It's a very brave thing to fall in love. You have to be willing to trust somebody else with your whole being, and that's very difficult, really difficult and very brave.;Nicole Kidman;trust
Do not trust all men, but trust men of worth the former course is silly, the latter a mark of prudence.;Democritus;trust
Who can I trust? You have to invest in somebody and chances are you're probably going to invest in somebody who's going to deceive you. I've been conned a couple of times, but now I'm a little more savvy.;Maggie Gyllenhaal;trust
The future which we hold in trust for our own children will be shaped by our fairness to other people's children.;Marian Wright Edelman;trust
I learned you can't trust the judgment of good friends.;Carl Sandburg;trust
Spirituality does two things for you. One, you are forced to become more selfless, two, you trust to providence. The opposite of a spiritual man is a materialist. If I was a materialist I would be making lots of money doing endorsements, doing cricket commentary. I have no interest in that.;Imran Khan;trust
And I'm afraid, in this day and age, trust, which I count so, you know, I love loyalty. I love trust.;Elton John;trust
We are all selfish and I no more trust myself than others with a good motive.;Lord Byron;trust
Keep the faith, don't lose your perseverance and always trust your gut extinct.;Paula Abdul;trust
The moment someone chooses to trust in Jesus Christ, his sins are wiped away, and he is adopted into God's family. That individual is set apart as a child of God, with a sacred purpose.;Charles Stanley;trust
When you're surrounded by all these people, it can be even lonelier than when you're by yourself. You can be in a huge crowd, but if you don't feel like you can trust anybody or talk to anybody, you feel like you're really alone.;Fiona Apple;trust
Liberalism is trust of the people tempered by prudence. Conservatism is distrust of the people tempered by fear.;William E. Gladstone;trust
A poet ought not to pick nature's pocket. Let him borrow, and so borrow as to repay by the very act of borrowing. Examine nature accurately, but write from recollection, and trust more to the imagination than the memory.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;trust
