I spent many a summer early morning with the radio very low, half sleeping and half listening.;Frankie Valli;morning
In the morning on Sunday, a drum is sounded at about 8 o'clock.;William Brewster;morning
Well, I get my subject on Wednesday night I think it out carefully on Thursday, and make my rough sketch on Friday morning I begin, and stick to it all day, with my nose well down on the block.;John Tenniel;morning
This enraged the other Nazi so much that the next morning he came to our house and he shot my father.;Bruno Schulz;morning
Early One Morning takes time and, I mean, all things like that I felt were very important.;Anthony Caro;morning
If I don't fish in the morning, I fish in the evening.;Dion Sanders;morning
Suddenly a single shot on the extreme left rang out on the clear morning air, followed quickly by several others, and the whole line pushed rapidly forward through the brush.;John Gibbon;morning
When I was twelve, I went hunting with my father and we shot a bird. He was laying there and something struck me. Why do we call this fun to kill this creature who was as happy as I was when I woke up this morning.;Marv Levy;morning
I think public service is a calling and you do it as long as the things that brought you into the office can continue getting you up in the morning and as long as there's still work to get done.;Anthony Foxx;morning
You can't set a hen in one morning and have chicken salad for lunch.;George M. Humphrey;morning
Talking from morning to night about sex has helped my skiing, because I talk about movement, about looking good, about taking risks.;Ruth Westheimer;morning
It takes more than driving to become an IndyCar driver. Gone are the days when drivers show up Friday morning and go home Sunday night. We're all integral to our partnerships, commercially, motorsports. We're as much champions in the boardroom as we are on the racetrack.;Charlie Kimball;morning
I have been wounded like this since about half past eight this morning and I will tell you how it happened.;Francesco Borromini;morning
Secretary of State Colin Powell, thank you so much, as always, for joining us this morning.;Hannah Storm;morning
'Tis always morning somewhere in the world.;Richard Henry Horne;morning
In the morning he was lying dead on one of the beds fully clothed. He was dead. I got the impression he wanted to go, and I must have killed him. I can't remember strangling him. I just sat there shocked.;Dennis Nilsen;morning
I knew, however, that the next morning after the fight I would have to get away, and I did just in time, for a full company came early to look for me and were furious because I had escaped them.;Jesse James;morning
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.;Dalai Lama;motivational
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.;Norman Vincent Peale;motivational
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.;Ayn Rand;motivational
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.;Jim Rohn;motivational
If you're going through hell, keep going.;Winston Churchill;motivational
After a storm comes a calm.;Matthew Henry;motivational
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.;C. S. Lewis;motivational
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.;Eleanor Roosevelt;motivational
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.;Confucius;motivational
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.;Thomas A. Edison;motivational
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.;Wayne Dyer;motivational
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.;Og Mandino;motivational
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be.;Ken Venturi;motivational
Always continue the climb. It is possible for you to do whatever you choose, if you first get to know who you are and are willing to work with a power that is greater than ourselves to do it.;Ella Wheeler Wilcox;motivational
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast.;Alfred A. Montapert;motivational
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.;Helen Keller;motivational
Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now.;Denis Waitley;motivational
If you can dream it, you can do it.;Walt Disney;motivational
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.;Thomas Jefferson;motivational
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward.;Victor Kiam;motivational
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.;Epictetus;motivational
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.;Benjamin Franklin;motivational
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.;Albert Einstein;motivational
Either you run the day or the day runs you.;Jim Rohn;motivational
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.;William James;motivational
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want.;Muhammad Ali;motivational
Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.;Miguel Angel Ruiz;motivational
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing.;Thomas Jefferson;motivational
Things do not happen. Things are made to happen.;John F. Kennedy;motivational
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.;Henry David Thoreau;motivational
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.;Jim Rohn;motivational
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.;Mark Twain;motivational
Well done is better than well said.;Benjamin Franklin;motivational
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.;John D. Rockefeller;motivational
We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. It's never your fault. But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change.;Katharine Hepburn;motivational
Follow your dreams, work hard, practice and persevere. Make sure you eat a variety of foods, get plenty of exercise and maintain a healthy lifestyle.;Sasha Cohen;motivational
Always desire to learn something useful.;Sophocles;motivational
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.;Dale Carnegie;motivational
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.;Confucius;motivational
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.;Aristotle;motivational
Be gentle to all and stern with yourself.;Saint Teresa of Avila;motivational
Set your sights high, the higher the better. Expect the most wonderful things to happen, not in the future but right now. Realize that nothing is too good. Allow absolutely nothing to hamper you or hold you up in any way.;Eileen Caddy;motivational
If you ask me what I came into this life to do, I will tell you: I came to live out loud.;Emile Zola;motivational
I've worked too hard and too long to let anything stand in the way of my goals. I will not let my teammates down and I will not let myself down.;Mia Hamm;motivational
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.;Kyle Chandler;motivational
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.;Robert H. Schuller;motivational
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.;Nikos Kazantzakis;motivational
True happiness involves the full use of one's power and talents.;John W. Gardner;motivational
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.;Thomas Paine;motivational
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree.;Jim Rohn;motivational
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.;Leo Buscaglia;motivational
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed.;Robert H. Schuller;motivational
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.;Ralph Marston;motivational
Never complain and never explain.;Benjamin Disraeli;motivational
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.;Tony Robbins;motivational
It's always too early to quit.;Norman Vincent Peale;motivational
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.;Mark Caine;motivational
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.;Henry Ford;motivational
Who seeks shall find.;Sophocles;motivational
Do your work with your whole heart, and you will succeed - there's so little competition.;Elbert Hubbard;motivational
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.;Bo Jackson;motivational
Know or listen to those who know.;Baltasar Gracian;motivational
What is called genius is the abundance of life and health.;Henry David Thoreau;motivational
The hardships that I encountered in the past will help me succeed in the future.;Philip Emeagwali;motivational
When you fail you learn from the mistakes you made and it motivates you to work even harder.;Natalie Gulbis;motivational
Leap, and the net will appear.;John Burroughs;motivational
The most effective way to do it, is to do it.;Amelia Earhart;motivational
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.;Bradley Whitford;motivational
Begin to be now what you will be hereafter.;William James;motivational
To know oneself, one should assert oneself.;Albert Camus;motivational
You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals.;George S. Patton;motivational
Crave for a thing, you will get it. Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself.;Swami Sivananda;motivational
You can never quit. Winners never quit, and quitters never win.;Ted Turner;motivational
In motivating people, you've got to engage their minds and their hearts. I motivate people, I hope, by example - and perhaps by excitement, by having productive ideas to make others feel involved.;Rupert Murdoch;motivational
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.;Wayne Dyer;motivational
Perseverance is not a long race it is many short races one after the other.;Walter Elliot;motivational
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;motivational
Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear.;Baruch Spinoza;motivational
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.;Julie Andrews;motivational
Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose?;Eliza Dushku;motivational
I can, therefore I am.;Simone Weil;motivational
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.;Jack London;motivational
