I'm against big bureaucracy in Washington making health care decisions. I just have an aversion to bureaucrats. But it's not just government bureaucrats. I don't like HMO bureaucrats and insurance company bureaucrats either.;Gary Bauer;government
So it was sort of an odd time because I had been hired, but my paperwork hadn't gone through. So I worked as an intern during the government shutdown, as an intern, but I already had a job.;Monica Lewinsky;government
I decided to run for governor because I got mad... I want to make government more directly accountable to the people.;Jesse Ventura;government
Big-government proponents embrace both the power of the federal government and the idea that millions of Americans ought to be dependent on its largesse. It's time to return to our Founders' love for small government. More is not always better.;Gary Bauer;government
There are a lot of good causes out there, but they can't possibly all be served by government.;Jesse Ventura;government
I clearly believe a lot more than some of my coalition colleagues - Tories - in redistribution and using the tax system for that purpose. I also believe in the government having an active role in the economy, which is having an industrial strategy. I'm not a believer in laissez-faire.;Vince Cable;government
Republicans rarely criticize Obama for lack of empathy - in part because liberals have traditionally been seen as standing up for the weak and the vulnerable. Conservatives can be just as empathetic. But they believe that, in most cases, it's not government's role to be the primary dispenser of empathy.;Gary Bauer;government
Love is by far bigger than the government can ever be.;Jesse Ventura;government
You can't win with some people. If you're not in government, you're criticised for being not serious. If you are in government, you're criticised for wanting power. That's the Labour party's line of attack, and it's a bit ridiculous.;Vince Cable;government
The Left regards the Constitution as defective and outmoded - in part because it impedes the government's ability to control institutions, like churches and families, which stand between the state and individuals.;Gary Bauer;government
If you want to change the way your banking system is regulated, if you want to learn the mistakes of what's gone wrong, then you have to change your government.;George Osborne;government
For wide swaths of training and education there are valuable spillovers which mean that the private sector needs support from the government. That is why I have been so determined to protect and grow apprenticeships and put higher education on a sustainable footing.;Vince Cable;government
I was very happy being a secretary. I loved working for the government. I was very happy with my life.;Fawn Hall;government
What the Lib Dems have failed to do is offer any meaningful agenda for government or for power.;Lucy Powell;government
One of those promises was to limit the size of government and to have the government serve the people - and not the other way around.;Scott Walker;government
In Scotland, the indication is that for the Westminster elections at least, Labour voters are satisfied with their government.;Lucy Powell;government
I promised to empower the taxpayer - instead of a handful of big government union bosses.;Scott Walker;government
The choice between a Labour government and a Tory one is sharpening minds.;Lucy Powell;government
These are tough times and under this Tory-led government many people in Manchester are suffering and getting left behind. If elected I will use all my energy, skills, experience and knowledge to stand up for our communities and get things done for the better.;Lucy Powell;government
I believe that smaller government is better government. But I also believe that in the areas where government does play a legitimate role, we should demand that it is done better.;Scott Walker;government
As the prospect of a Tory government gets nearer, many traditional Labour voters - some who switched away in recent times and many who stayed at home - seem more determined to prevent that happening.;Lucy Powell;government
We are the ones looking out for the middle class. Who do think pays for the endless expansion of government? Its middle class taxpayers. Our reforms protect middle class taxpayers.;Scott Walker;government
As the economy faces such difficulties, more tough questions need to be asked about what the Tories would do if elected. Their ideology of free markets and small government needs challenging. That has to be part of our job.;Lucy Powell;government
More people on unemployment benefits is not success in America, fewer people on not because we kicked them off but because they have been able to get a job in the private sector, because government got out of the way.;Scott Walker;government
It's become unfashionable to celebrate political achievement, and Labour achievement even less so. And it's positively uncouth to be proud of something that this Labour government is doing. So, slam me for saying so, but I'm really proud of the NHS.;Lucy Powell;government
I think most people believe success in government is how many fewer people are in government, not because you kick them off of benefits like unemployment but they've been able to control their own destiny because private sector employers have created more jobs.;Scott Walker;government
We in the Labour party know better than most that opposition is the easy part. What's more difficult is governing and setting out an agenda for government.;Lucy Powell;government
People create jobs, not the government.;Scott Walker;government
Although my seat is a contest between Labour and the Lib Dems, it could well make the difference between a Labour and a Tory government at the next election. In terms of international development, this choice is a very clear one.;Lucy Powell;government
It might be said now that I have the best of both worlds. A Harvard education and a Yale degree.;John F. Kennedy;graduation
God will not look you over for medals degrees or diplomas, but for scars.;Elbert Hubbard;graduation
A graduation ceremony is an event where the commencement speaker tells thousands of students dressed in identical caps and gowns that 'individuality' is the key to success.;Robert Orben;graduation
Never go to your high school reunion pregnant or they will think that is all you have done since you graduated.;Erma Bombeck;graduation
Knowledge is invariably a matter of degree: you cannot put your finger upon even the simplest datum and say this we know.;T. S. Eliot;graduation
You are educated. Your certification is in your degree. You may think of it as the ticket to the good life. Let me ask you to think of an alternative. Think of it as your ticket to change the world.;Tom Brokaw;graduation
I learned law so well, the day I graduated I sued the college, won the case, and got my tuition back.;Fred Allen;graduation
It makes little difference how many university courses or degrees a person may own. If he cannot use words to move an idea from one point to another, his education is incomplete.;Norman Cousins;graduation
For a man to attain to an eminent degree in learning costs him time, watching, hunger, nakedness, dizziness in the head, weakness in the stomach, and other inconveniences.;Miguel de Cervantes;graduation
Life is the most exciting opportunity we have. But we have one shot. You graduate from college once, and that's it. You're going out of that nest. And you have to find that courage that's deep, deep, deep in there. Every step of the way.;Andrew Shue;graduation
I always wanted to have my own album released before I graduated from high school.;Christina Aguilera;graduation
This man used to go to school with his dog. Then they were separated. His dog graduated!;Henny Youngman;graduation
I was never a Certified Public Accountant. I just had a degree in accounting. It would require passing a test, which I would not have been able to do.;Bob Newhart;graduation
In this outward and physical ceremony we attest once again to the inner and spiritual strength of our Nation. As my high school teacher, Miss Julia Coleman, used to say: 'We must adjust to changing times and still hold to unchanging principles.';Jimmy Carter;graduation
Being considerate of others will take your children further in life than any college degree.;Marian Wright Edelman;graduation
Even though I disagree with many of the changes, when I see the privates graduate at the end of the day, when they walk off that drill field at the end of the ceremony, they are still fine privates outstanding, well motivated privates.;R. Lee Ermey;graduation
Earlier today, Arnold Schwarzenegger criticized the California school system, calling it disastrous. Arnold says California's schools are so bad that its graduates are willing to vote for me.;Conan O'Brien;graduation
When I was going for my graduate degree, I decided I was going to make a feature film as my thesis. That's what I was famous for-that I had my thesis film be a feature film, which was 'You're a Big Boy Now.';Francis Ford Coppola;graduation
Catholic school graduates exhibit a wide variety of qualities that will not only help them in their careers but also in their family and community lives.;Joe Baca;graduation
It is soooooo necessary to get the basic skills, because by the time you graduate, undergraduate or graduate, that field would have totally changed from your first day of school.;Leigh Steinberg;graduation
We had times in '66 and '67 when we would pick up a platoon of privates out of the receiving barracks the week before we even graduated the platoon that we were on!;R. Lee Ermey;graduation
We don't stop going to school when we graduate.;Carol Burnett;graduation
I'm not impressed by someone's degree... I'm impressed by them making movies.;Richard King;graduation
It is virtually impossible to compete in today's global economy without a college degree.;Bobby Scott;graduation
I first became interested in women and religion when I was one of the few women doing graduate work in Religious Studies at Yale University in the late 1960's.;Carol P. Christ;graduation
Everyone has a right to a university degree in America, even if it's in Hamburger Technology.;Clive James;graduation
I got all my work done to graduate in two months and then they were like, I'm sorry, you have to take driver's ed. I just kind of went, Oh, forget it.;Fiona Apple;graduation
I graduated a the top of my class in the '84 Olympic Games I won a gold medal.;Scott Hamilton;graduation
I have actually five honorary degrees.;Katherine Dunham;graduation
I don't look to find an educated person in the ranks of university graduates, necessarily. Some of the most educated people I know have never been near a university.;John Keegan;graduation
I think young writers should get other degrees first, social sciences, arts degrees or even business degrees. What you learn is research skills, a necessity because a lot of writing is about trying to find information.;Irvine Welsh;graduation
For students today, only 10 percent of children from working-class families graduate from college by the age of 24 as compared to 58 percent of upper-middle-class and wealthy families.;Patrick J. Kennedy;graduation
At the School of Visual Arts in New York, you can get your degree in Net art, which is really a fantastic way of thinking of theater in new ways.;Laurie Anderson;graduation
I did get a degree in special education.;Clay Aiken;graduation
When I graduated from Santa Monica High in 1927, I was voted the girl most likely to succeed. I didn't realize it would take so long.;Gloria Stuart;graduation
My father, who was from a wealthy family and highly educated, a lawyer, Yale and Columbia, walked out with the benefit of a healthy push from my mother, a seventh grade graduate, who took a typing course and got a secretarial job as fast as she could.;George Weinberg;graduation
College atheletes used to get a degree in bringing your pencil.;Ruby Wax;graduation
I went to college at the University of Kansas, where I got a degree in political science.;Sara Paretsky;graduation
I didn't get my degree at NYU I got it later, they gave me an honourary one.;Jim Jarmusch;graduation
Some go on to trade schools or get further training for jobs they are interested in. Some go into the arts, some are craftsmen, some take a little time out to travel, and some start their own businesses. But our graduates find and work at what they want to do.;Daniel Greenberg;graduation
The knowledge of languages was very useful. I have a university degree in foreign languages and literature.;Emma Bonino;graduation
My main objective is to prepare candidates for professional baseball however, the majority of our graduates will go home as much better qualified amateurs.;Jim Evans;graduation
You must realize that honorary degrees are given generally to people whose SAT scores were too low to get them into schools the regular way. As a matter of fact, it was my SAT scores that led me into my present vocation in life, comedy.;Neil Simon;graduation
I took three years off. I differentiated myself from the industry. Found my identity - sort of... I haven't graduated yet. I'm not legitimately educated yet, but maybe one day.;Claire Danes;graduation
In 1858 I received the degree of D. S. from the Lawrence Scientific School, and thereafter remained on the rolls of the university as a resident graduate.;Simon Newcomb;graduation
I could be happy doing something like architecture. It would involve another couple of years of graduate school, but that's what I studied in college. That's what I always wanted to do.;Parker Stevenson;graduation
I was the first boy in the Kennedy family to graduate from college.;Mark Kennedy;graduation
Everybody wants you to do good things, but in a small town you pretty much graduate and get married. Mostly you marry, have children and go to their football games.;Faith Hill;graduation
The college graduate is presented with a sheepskin to cover his intellectual nakedness.;Robert M. Hutchins;graduation
When nearly a third of our high school students do not graduate on time with their peers, we have work to do. We must design our middle and high schools so that no student gets lost in the crowd and disconnected from his or her own potential.;Christine Gregoire;graduation
Yeah, I spent about 20 years in a dorm room. It took me a while to graduate.;Douglas Wilson;graduation
I teach one semester a year, and this year I'm just teaching one course during that semester, a writing workshop for older students in their late 20s and early 30s, people in our graduate program who are already working on a manuscript and trying to bring it to completion.;Tobias Wolff;graduation
I have no problems with private schools. I graduated from one and so did my mother. Private schools are useful and we often use public funds to pay for their infrastructures and other common needs.;Jim Clyburn;graduation
Our record number of teenagers must become our record number of high school and college graduates and our record number of teachers, scientists, doctors, lawyers, and skilled professionals.;Ruben Hinojosa;graduation
ACT and SAT each have their own parts of the country. The GRE has its lock on graduate admissions. And so, one could blame the companies, but really, economically, they have no incentive to change things very much because they're getting the business.;Robert Sternberg;graduation
Having a college degree gave me the opportunity to be... well-rounded. Also, the people I met at the university, most of them are still my colleagues now. People I've known for years are all in the industry together.;Jon Secada;graduation
If a student takes the whole series of my folklore courses including the graduate seminars, he or she should learn something about fieldwork, something about bibliography, something about how to carry out library research, and something about how to publish that research.;Alan Dundes;graduation
In my second year in graduate school, I took a computer course and that was like lightening striking.;Ted Nelson;graduation
So in my uncertainty, I went to graduate school and there it all happened.;Ted Nelson;graduation
Even though I didn't get a business degree, I enjoyed learning about economics.;Herb Ritts;graduation
I was about to get a degree in economics when I accepted that I'd be a lousy businessman, and if I didn't give acting a try I'd regret it for the rest of my life.;Peter Gallagher;graduation
I went to military college in Canada and graduated as an officer in the Navy but also as an engineer.;Marc Garneau;graduation
North Dakota State. What do you have to do there to graduate? Milk a cow with your left hand?;Bobby Heenan;graduation
Each year India and China produce four million graduates compared with just over 250,000 in Britain.;Gordon Brown;graduation
I received my undergraduate degree in engineering in 1939 and a Master of Science degree in mathematical physics in 1941 at Steven Institute of Technology.;Frederick Reines;graduation
Remember, half the doctors in this country graduated in the bottom half of their class.;Al McGuire;graduation
One half who graduate from college never read another book.;G. M. Trevelyan;graduation
I did graduate with a bachelor's degree in civil engineering in 1948.;Daniel J. Evans;graduation
I think I finally chose the graduate degree in engineering primarily because it only took one year and law school took three years, and I felt the pressure of being a little behind - although I was just 22.;Daniel J. Evans;graduation
Really, the potential for, first of all, any college graduate today is enormously good. These are good times for anyone with a college degree today, particularly African Americans. With a college degree today, you really breach the unemployment rate.;Alexis Herman;graduation
