You know, be able to do something great in your life, you're gonna have to realize your failures. You're gonna have to embrace them and figure out how to overcome it.;Dave Chappelle;great
I tell students that even if they don't like math right now, they can use math as a brain-sharpening tool - a tool that not only builds the foundation for a great career, but that also builds self-confidence, no matter what they choose to do with their lives.;Danica McKellar;great
A leader takes people where they want to go. A great leader takes people where they don't necessarily want to go, but ought to be.;Rosalynn Carter;great
In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men you must first enable the government to control the governed and in the next place oblige it to control itself.;James Madison;great
You are that vast thing that you see far, far off with great telescopes.;Alan Watts;great
It does not require great learning to be a Christian and be convinced of the truth of the Bible. It requires only an honest heart and a willingness to obey God.;Albert Barnes;great
Eating is not merely a material pleasure. Eating well gives a spectacular joy to life and contributes immensely to goodwill and happy companionship. It is of great importance to the morale.;Elsa Schiaparelli;great
All men were made by the Great Spirit Chief. They are all brothers.;Chief Joseph;great
Every man of action has a strong dose of egoism, pride, hardness, and cunning. But all those things will be regarded as high qualities if he can make them the means to achieve great ends.;Giorgos Seferis;great
The debates of that great assembly are frequently vague and perplexed, seeming to be dragged rather than to march, to the intended goal. Something of this sort must, I think, always happen in public democratic assemblies.;Alexis de Tocqueville;great
I am a leader. Leaders always get heat. They're always going against the grain. Jimi Hendrix got heat Bob Marley got heat Miles Davis got heat. Every great artist got heat. Heat means you're doing something right.;Ziggy Marley;great
I speak directly to the people, and I know that the people of California want to have better leadership. They want to have great leadership. They want to have somebody that will represent them. And it doesn't matter if you're a Democrat or a Republican, young or old.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;great
I am a big believer in education, because when I grew up in Austria - when I grew up in Austria I had a great education. I had great teachers.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;great
When I meet people who say - which they do all of the time - 'I must just tell you, my great aunt had cancer of the elbow and the doctors gave her 10 seconds to live, but last I heard she was climbing Mount Everest,' and so forth, I switch off quite early.;Christopher Hitchens;great
It is better wither to be silent, or to say things of more value than silence. Sooner throw a pearl at hazard than an idle or useless word and do not say a little in many words, but a great deal in a few.;Pythagoras;great
Children are our second chance to have a great parent-child relationship.;Laura Schlessinger;great
One of the great questions of philosophy is, do we innately have morality, or do we get it from celestial dictation? A study of the Ten Commandments is a very good way of getting into and resolving that issue.;Christopher Hitchens;great
Great effort is required to arrest decay and restore vigor. One must exercise proper deliberation, plan carefully before making a move, and be alert in guarding against relapse following a renaissance.;Horace;great
Ambition is an idol, on whose wings great minds are carried only to extreme to be sublimely great or to be nothing.;Shakti Gawain;great
The great thing about the United States and the historically magnetic effect it has had on a lot of people like me is its generosity, to put it simply.;Christopher Hitchens;great
I haven't had that one great love, which is good. I don't want that to be in the past - I want it to be in the future.;Taylor Swift;great
Wave after wave of love flooded the stage and washed over me, the beginning of the one great durable romance of my life.;Bette Davis;great
Every gift which is given, even though is be small, is in reality great, if it is given with affection.;Pindar;great
The sea, the great unifier, is man's only hope. Now, as never before, the old phrase has a literal meaning: we are all in the same boat.;Jacques Yves Cousteau;great
His was a great sin who first invented consciousness. Let us lose it for a few hours.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;great
Technology has advanced more in the last thirty years than in the previous two thousand. The exponential increase in advancement will only continue. Anthropological Commentary The opposite of a trivial truth is false the opposite of a great truth is also true.;Niels Bohr;great
Unnecessary possessions are unnecessary burdens. If you have them, you have to take care of them! There is great freedom in simplicity of living. It is those who have enough but not too much who are the happiest.;Peace Pilgrim;great
Great art picks up where nature ends.;Marc Chagall;great
I think making mistakes and discovering them for yourself is of great value, but to have someone else to point out your mistakes is a shortcut of the process.;Shelby Foote;great
Leaders must invoke an alchemy of great vision.;Henry A. Kissinger;great
I played a great horse yesterday! It took seven horses to beat him.;Henny Youngman;great
Mankind is made great or little by its own will.;Friedrich Schiller;great
Mistakes are part of the game. It's how well you recover from them, that's the mark of a great player.;Alice Cooper;great
So great was the extremity of his pain and anguish, that he did not only sigh but roar.;Matthew Henry;great
A great man is made up of qualities that meet or make great occasions.;James Russell Lowell;great
Great is the difference betwixt a man's being frightened at, and humbled for his sins.;Thomas Fuller;great
A great book provides escapism for me. The artistry and the creativity in a story are better than any drugs.;Wentworth Miller;great
A great wind swept over the ghetto, carrying away shame, invisibility and four centuries of humiliation. But when the wind dropped people saw it had been only a little breeze, friendly, almost gentle.;Jean Genet;great
All the strength and force of man comes from his faith in things unseen. He who believes is strong he who doubts is weak. Strong convictions precede great actions.;James Freeman Clarke;great
We should all aspire in life to do a multitude of things well - to be a great father, to be a good husband, to be a good lover, you know, to try to do things the best you can is very important to me.;Matthew Modine;great
He was as great as a man can be without morality.;Alexis de Tocqueville;great
A large part of acting is just pretending. You get to work with these other great make-believers, all making believe as hard as they can.;Jeff Bridges;great
I remember a great America where we made everything. There was a time when the only thing you got from Japan was a really bad cheap transistor radio that some aunt gave you for Christmas.;Cher;great
Nobody, I think, ought to read poetry, or look at pictures or statues, who cannot find a great deal more in them than the poet or artist has actually expressed. Their highest merit is suggestiveness.;Nathaniel Hawthorne;great
I wear black skinny-fit jeans - I can't get away from them. It's funny because I wore baggy jeans for ages, then one day my friend convinced me to try on a skinny pair and I thought they were great.;Shaun White;great
Science is the great antidote to the poison of enthusiasm and superstition.;Adam Smith;great
To have a great man for a friend seems pleasant to those who have never tried it those who have, fear it.;Horace;great
A just and reasonable modesty does not only recommend eloquence, but sets off every great talent which a man can be possessed of.;Joseph Addison;great
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open.;John Barrymore;happiness
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.;Dalai Lama;happiness
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.;Abraham Lincoln;happiness
I am determined to be cheerful and happy in whatever situation I may find myself. For I have learned that the greater part of our misery or unhappiness is determined not by our circumstance but by our disposition.;Martha Washington;happiness
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.;Mahatma Gandhi;happiness
Some cause happiness wherever they go others whenever they go.;Oscar Wilde;happiness
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.;Dalai Lama;happiness
A table, a chair, a bowl of fruit and a violin what else does a man need to be happy?;Albert Einstein;happiness
The purpose of our lives is to be happy.;Dalai Lama;happiness
Our greatest happiness does not depend on the condition of life in which chance has placed us, but is always the result of a good conscience, good health, occupation, and freedom in all just pursuits.;Thomas Jefferson;happiness
Be happy with what you have and are, be generous with both, and you won't have to hunt for happiness.;William E. Gladstone;happiness
Don't wait around for other people to be happy for you. Any happiness you get you've got to make yourself.;Alice Walker;happiness
True happiness comes from the joy of deeds well done, the zest of creating things new.;Antoine de Saint-Exupery;happiness
The Constitution only gives people the right to pursue happiness. You have to catch it yourself.;Benjamin Franklin;happiness
Achievement of your happiness is the only moral purpose of your life, and that happiness, not pain or mindless self-indulgence, is the proof of your moral integrity, since it is the proof and the result of your loyalty to the achievement of your values.;Ayn Rand;happiness
It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness.;Charles Spurgeon;happiness
Happiness depends upon ourselves.;Aristotle;happiness
Happiness doesn't depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude.;Dale Carnegie;happiness
Future. That period of time in which our affairs prosper, our friends are true and our happiness is assured.;Ambrose Bierce;happiness
We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.;Thomas Jefferson;happiness
Everything has its wonders, even darkness and silence, and I learn, whatever state I may be in, therein to be content.;Helen Keller;happiness
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts: therefore, guard accordingly, and take care that you entertain no notions unsuitable to virtue and reasonable nature.;Marcus Aurelius;happiness
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.;Ernest Hemingway;happiness
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.;Epictetus;happiness
Just do what must be done. This may not be happiness, but it is greatness.;George Bernard Shaw;happiness
There are people who can do all fine and heroic things but one - keep from telling their happiness to the unhappy.;Mark Twain;happiness
The first recipe for happiness is: avoid too lengthy meditation on the past.;Andre Maurois;happiness
Happiness is not a goal it is a by-product.;Eleanor Roosevelt;happiness
It is neither wealth nor splendor but tranquility and occupation which give you happiness.;Thomas Jefferson;happiness
Money can't buy happiness, but it can make you awfully comfortable while you're being miserable.;Clare Boothe Luce;happiness
Action may not always bring happiness but there is no happiness without action.;Benjamin Disraeli;happiness
True happiness... is not attained through self-gratification, but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.;Helen Keller;happiness
Happiness is like a kiss. You must share it to enjoy it.;Bernard Meltzer;happiness
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem.;Richard Bach;happiness
But what is happiness except the simple harmony between a man and the life he leads?;Albert Camus;happiness
Love is trembling happiness.;Khalil Gibran;happiness
Happiness is the only good. The time to be happy is now. The place to be happy is here. The way to be happy is to make others so.;Robert Green Ingersoll;happiness
Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory.;Albert Schweitzer;happiness
Happiness is not a matter of intensity but of balance, order, rhythm and harmony.;Thomas Merton;happiness
Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length.;Robert Frost;happiness
If you want to be happy, be.;Leo Tolstoy;happiness
Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life.;Omar Khayyam;happiness
To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness.;Bertrand Russell;happiness
In order to have great happiness you have to have great pain and unhappiness - otherwise how would you know when you're happy?;Leslie Caron;happiness
Your successes and happiness are forgiven you only if you generously consent to share them.;Albert Camus;happiness
True happiness is... to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;happiness
Happy is the man who has broken the chains which hurt the mind, and has given up worrying once and for all.;Ovid;happiness
You can be happy where you are.;Joel Osteen;happiness
Happiness is that state of consciousness which proceeds from the achievement of one's values.;Ayn Rand;happiness
An effort made for the happiness of others lifts above ourselves.;Lydia M. Child;happiness
Everyone chases after happiness, not noticing that happiness is right at their heels.;Bertolt Brecht;happiness
