Actors always talk about taking their work home and I always think: 'What are you on? You just turn it off. You are at work and then you go home.';Bill Nighy;home
The warrior may fight for gold or for an immediate gain, or for something to take home for the winter to feed the family. The soldier is part of a more complex society. He's fighting for a group ethic of some sort.;C. J. Cherryh;home
We used to go to the pictures every Saturday night but we had to leave a little bit early and get home and watch Match of the Day - and my wife still complains she missed the last five minutes of every film we saw.;Brian Clough;home
When my mother got home from work, she would take me to the movies. It was her way of getting out, and she would take me with her. I'd go home and act all the parts. It had a tremendous influence on my becoming an actor.;Al Pacino;home
When I was doing 'Scarface,' I remember being in love at that time. One of the few times in my life. And I was so glad it was at that time. I would come home and she would tell me about her life that day and all her problems and I remember saying to her, look, you really got me through this picture because I would shed everything when I came home.;Al Pacino;home
You're always tellin' me to go out more, Go ahead, get out and see the world, But then I think, why should I? I'd rather stay home and cry.;Gwen Stefani;home
I really like having a life outside work. I sometimes wish I did more career stuff and was in that Hollywood scene a bit more. But Toronto's my home.;Rachel McAdams;home
My family went through divorces and remarriages and the later, blended home - and then watched that home explode, too.;Jeffrey Kluger;home
Spare a thought for the poor introverts among us. In a world of party animals and glad-handers, they're the ones who stand by the punch bowl. In a world of mixers and pub crawls, they prefer to stay home with a book. Everywhere around them, cell phones ring and e-mails chime and they just want a little quiet.;Jeffrey Kluger;home
There's only one thing harder than living in a home with an adolescent - and that's being an adolescent. The moodiness, the volatility, the wholesale lack of impulse control, all would be close to clinical conditions if they occurred at another point in life. In adolescence, they're just part of the behavioral portfolio.;Jeffrey Kluger;home
Coming home to my family afterward makes the work richer, easier and more fun.;Edie Falco;home
Our children's health and well-being are dependent on our commitment to promoting food access and good eating habits at home, at school and in the community.;Rod Blagojevich;home
Pride, avarice, and envy are in every home.;Thornton Wilder;home
Many working mothers feel guilty about not being at home. And when they are there, they wish it could be perfect. This pressure to make every minute happy puts working parents in a bind when it comes to setting limits and modifying behavior.;Cathy Rindner Tempelsman;home
You want to come home to a nice firm bed with the corners tucked in so you start over, like each night is like a new night.;Gabrielle Union;home
Drama can feel like therapy whereas comedy feels like there's been a pressure and a weight lifted off of you. You come to work and you laugh all day, you go home and you feel light and there's a certain feeling when you're sitting with the audience and they leave after 90 minutes and it's just pure escapism and they're happy.;Gabrielle Union;home
Even cooking at home, the difference between my wife cooking and me cooking is major. When my wife cooks, the kitchen looks like a disaster. When I cook it's completely clean and organized and it doesn't look like anyone has been cooking in there.;Tom Colicchio;home
You come to work and you laugh all day, you go home and you feel light and there's a certain feeling when you're sitting with the audience and they leave after 90 minutes and it's just pure escapism and they're happy.;Gabrielle Union;home
Most cooks try to learn by making dishes. Doesn't mean you can cook. It means you can make that dish. When you can cook is when you can go to a farmers market, buy a bunch of stuff, then go home and make something without looking at a recipe. Now you're cooking.;Tom Colicchio;home
When I get old, I'm going to the old folks' home. I don't want to be one of those guys who's hanging around the house bothering the kids. But not just any old folks' home. I want the whole top floor.;Shaquille O'Neal;home
We're adults. We're the ones who should teach the kids what's good to eat. I don't think the government should ever regulate what we eat at home, but we're feeding them in school with tax dollars. Quite frankly, if my tax dollars are being spent to feed kids, I'd rather feed them better food.;Tom Colicchio;home
I'm a married man. If I want sex at this particular point in my life, I go home for it.;Davy Jones;home
The environment doesn't change that radically. You are still going to go home at night and NBC is going to be there, ABC and CBS will still be there.;Dick Wolf;home
I don't need to be asking for money for local museums and other projects just to make me look good back home.;Jim DeMint;home
In the mind, in the heart, I was always home. I always imagined, really, going back home.;Miriam Makeba;home
You earn very little money on independent films and I'm the provider for my home, so I do have to think of taking one for the accountant time and again and that means studio pictures.;Vera Farmiga;home
I was living on the wrong side of the tracks in Evanston, Illinois, in a home for boys. We had these Jackson 5 records. I really related to their voices - they were about my age, but they were doing it.;Eddie Vedder;home
I'm like a really goofy home ec teacher.;Alton Brown;home
I know people that could serve me canned tuna and saltine crackers and have me feel more at home at their table than some people who can cook circles around me. The more you try to impress people, generally the less you do.;Alton Brown;home
There's nothing like a good cheating song to make me want to run home to be with my wife.;Steven Curtis Chapman;home
They pick all of us out, and then they decide, they computerize, decide if they like it or don't like it, and then they go home, and then they come back again because they're not sure what they saw.;Alice Cooper;home
I remind everyone: Whether you school them at home or send them to school, you as a parent have the responsibility to make sure they learn and behave. Teachers and principals may help, but parents are the ones who must accept responsibility.;Ernest Istook;home
I want kids to have a chance to dream of becoming something like I did in my life, and when you're living in a home that's dysfunctional and unhealthy that way, you don't dream like that.;Picabo Street;home
The hardest thing is spending twelve hours a day accommodating the rest of the world, then going home at night and criticizing it. I would be curious about what I'd write if I didn't have to worry about offending.;Sloane Crosley;home
Like most citizens of popular and international urban centres, I don't take advantage of the cultural opportunities. Perhaps this comes from growing up in suburbia. Home is where you eat, sleep, read, watch television and ignore your parents. It is not where you go to the ballet and then attend a heated panel discussion about it afterwards.;Sloane Crosley;home
If I go into a sandwich shop or anywhere that features 'Today's specials' on a chalkboard more than 10 feet away, I have to ask for a printed menu. I smile at people I don't know on the street and ignore those I do. When at home, I often find myself grabbing my 'back-up' glasses to search for the better-loved pair I have left on top of my dresser.;Sloane Crosley;home
However, I was a restaurant critic at Chicago magazine before I worked at Esquire, and I've been a really enthusiastic home cook for a long time. It's just something I'm passionate about.;Ted Allen;home
When I come home from a shoot, I'd rather reheat food I've made than eat takeout.;Ted Allen;home
I chose America as my home because I value freedom and democracy, civil liberties and an open society.;George Soros;home
While I enjoy spending time in L.A., Britain is my home.;Michael Sheen;home
I think I'm becoming more relaxed in front of a camera. I suppose I'll always feel slightly more at home on stage. It's more of an actor's medium. You are your own editor, nobody else is choosing what is being seen of you.;Michael Sheen;home
I've now been in this country for thirteen years, since I was seventeen. So this is my second home.;Hakeem Olajuwon;home
I really see myself as a homegirl. Wales is my first home. London is my second home - I've been there 14 years now.;Katherine Jenkins;home
I love coming back to Neath - this is home and always will be.;Katherine Jenkins;home
Oh, stuff the critics. I don't care. Too many people are snooty about classical. Look, I wasn't brought up in a home where we listened to classical music. It was a singing teacher that thought it would be best for my voice. Then I moved into crossover. And if that makes the music accessible to more people, then great.;Katherine Jenkins;home
I'm launching my own festival in South Wales. It's something I've wanted to do for a long time. It's going to be held at Margam Park, because I wanted the venue to be as close to my home as possible.;Katherine Jenkins;home
I wish I got a little bit more time at home. I am away a lot and being around my loved ones and friends is good for me. It grounds me. It's something I need to make more time for. I think I need a little more balance.;Katherine Jenkins;home
I go home and don't get treated any differently. People have known me all my life and are interested and very supportive but because they have known me forever I don't get any diva treatment. My mum still tells me off if I haven't loaded the dishwasher for her.;Katherine Jenkins;home
With all the hundreds of dresses and shoes I have, it would be an absolute crime if I don't have a little girl. I have a whole room at home filled with my stage wear.;Katherine Jenkins;home
In general, shorter is better. If you can encapsulate your idea into a single captivating sentence, you're halfway home.;Len Wein;home
I don't like travelling. Which is ridiculous. And it's not because I'm afraid of dying on the plane or anything. I just like to stay at home.;Rachel Weisz;home
The killer app that got the world ready for appliances was the light bulb. So the light bulb is what wired the world. And they weren't thinking about appliances when they wired the world. They were really thinking about - they weren't putting electricity into the home. They were putting lighting into the home.;Jeff Bezos;home
The one thing that offends me the most is when I walk by a bank and see ads trying to convince people to take out second mortgages on their home so they can go on vacation. That's approaching evil.;Jeff Bezos;home
The relevance for 9/11 is that what 9/11 marked was the beginning of a struggle in which the terrorists come at us and strike us here on our home territory. And it's a global operation. It doesn't know national boundaries or national borders.;Dick Cheney;home
An education program is, by definition, a societal program. Work should be done at school, rather than at home.;Francois Hollande;home
I'm not squeamish at all. As a child I dragged a dead squirrel home on my skateboard and cut it open and tried to look at its brain.;Jessica Biel;home
Events at home, at work, in the street - these are the bases for a story.;Naguib Mahfouz;home
I remember when I came home from the hospital after having my son, I wore a Narciso Rodriguez black coat. Then, I was using this fragrance that I had created. I walk by that coat, and it still smells like that fragrance. It takes you right there.;Sarah Jessica Parker;home
And I came back and it was great, 'cuz George had set up all these flowers all over the studio saying welcome home. So then we got it together again. I always felt it was better on the White one for me. We were more like a band, you know.;Ringo Starr;home
I'm just like so many women - I was frustrated, I had these white pants that I had spent a lot of money on, and you get home and you think, 'What am I really supposed to wear under this?' So it was a frustrated consumer moment.;Sara Blakely;home
I believe that parents need to make nutrition education a priority in their home environment. It's crucial for good health and longevity to instill in your children sound eating habits from an early age.;Cat Cora;home
The thing about being at home versus being out in the world working is, it's a whole different vibe. When I'm home with my kids and partner, I will cook - even though she's a very good cook. She's learned over the years. We started with basics, you know, how to saute onions, how to saute mushrooms.;Cat Cora;home
If eating out, order your meal and ask the server to wrap up half of the portion to take home with your for the next day, keeping your portion size in check, and stretching your dollar into two meals.;Cat Cora;home
I've been experimenting more and more with LN2, liquid nitrogen. I've used it in battle on 'Iron Chef America,' but have also made some great ice creams at home for my family. Since it freezes basically on contact, you can have ice cream ready in mere minutes.;Cat Cora;home
When I'm home, the heart and soul of our family is in the kitchen. Growing up, my parents both worked, so dinnertime was for family - the TV was off. I think it's important to grab that time and really make it special, even after a tough day.;Cat Cora;home
From the moment this baby came into our home, those two dogs have never been more in love. It's the most beautiful thing I've ever witnessed. People keep saying, 'Oh, you're a single mom.' I'm like, 'Actually, I'm not. I've got two boys helping.';Charlize Theron;home
The earth is my altar, the sky is my dome, mind is my garden, the heart is my home and I'm always at home - yea, I'm always at Om.;Eden Ahbez;home
A girl's got to do what she's got to do to make somebody pay her a compliment. If that means moaning 'til the cows come home, then so be it.;Cat Deeley;home
I carry groceries home on the tank of my motorcycle.;Stephan Jenkins;home
I race historic muscle cars back in Australia, and that's my hobby. And I try to race home as soon as I've finished a movie but don't tell anyone.;Eric Bana;home
My grandmother always taught me, 'If you don't have a home, family, and church, you don't have anything.';Jennifer Hudson;home
When I go on the plane to fly home, I'm literally capable of forgetting what I do for a job. That also comes about because I choose to take massive breaks between projects, and because I choose to do this ridiculous thing of keeping home, home.;Eric Bana;home
Family makes a house a home.;Jennifer Hudson;home
When I shoot I'll take my family with me - one movie a year and then the rest of the time at home.;Eric Bana;home
I don't get a chance to be home much.;Jennifer Hudson;home
I love being at home, being with friends and family. I'm of European stock, brought up in Australia. I'm a passionate guy. I just love life.;Eric Bana;home
Music is my home.;Jennifer Hudson;home
Irish women are always carrying water on their heads, and always carrying their husbands home from pubs. Such things are the greatest posture-builders in the world.;Peter O'Toole;home
I cook all my meals at home.;Jennifer Hudson;home
My mother is a special story. She went through so much to bring us up, four men at home, especially when our country was going through really difficult times.;Novak Djokovic;home
I have a life that I enjoy I try and value the things that I think are worth valuing and everything else is icing. You know, it is a kick to go down the red carpet in that dress and then you go back home.;Jewel;home
I consider myself a product of Alaska. The love and the debt that I feel to my home state, you always want your hometown to be the proudest of you.;Jewel;home
But you know, there's something about the kids finishing their homework in a given day, working one-on-one, getting all this attention - they go home, they're finished. They don't stall, they don't do their homework in front of the TV.;Dave Eggers;home
I met a lot of great people in Saudi Arabia and I'd like to see them again. And I'd love to spend more time in the desert and in the mountains. I felt really at home there.;Dave Eggers;home
I believe that the fight against crime starts in the home. Parents must take responsibility for their children and show them love and guidance from an early age so they learn to respect the rights of others.;Blanche Lincoln;home
I've never had WiFi at home. I'm too easily distracted, and YouTube is too tempting.;Dave Eggers;home
I've done a lot of partying in my time because I didn't want to go home and I didn't know what to do.;Natalie Imbruglia;home
I like to listen to mellow stuff on the road like Travis, as we are constantly surrounded by rock music on tour and so its nice listening to mellow stuff. Obviously back at home I listen to a lot more rock music.;Ville Valo;home
I don't want to get home from work and wonder if I could have done better if I didn't go out that night. What you're doing is going to go on the big screen and go down in history.;Seann William Scott;home
My favorite show is America's Funniest Home Videos. People will get hit on the head and I feel bad cause I'm laughing my head off!;Corbin Bleu;home
The thrill of coming home has never changed.;Guy Pearce;home
I'm kind of a homebody. My husband says I like to just stay home and do nothing, but that's just how I am.;Kristi Yamaguchi;home
I saw the president make the tough calls in the Situation Room - and today, our troops in Iraq have finally come home so America can do some nation building here at home. That was the change that we believed in. That was the change we fought for. That was the change President Obama delivered.;Rahm Emanuel;home
Everywhere you hang your hat is home. Home is the bright cave under the hat.;Lance Morrow;home
When I am made fun of in the press I just remember those days when I'd come home to find that the water had been turned off because my mother couldn't afford the bill. Suddenly, everything feels easier.;Beth Ditto;home
Having robbed children of any sense that their Father is in Heaven and that they are His creation, we then launched an experiment in raising them without earthly fathers too. Having neither a Father in heaven or a father in the home, many young men make gangs their families.;Gary Bauer;home
Do I ever think Gossip will be really massive in America? No, I don't think it'll happen - and that's fine. It's kind of nice because I get to experience everything at once. I get to come home and it not be weird, like in Paris or something. It is nice to be completely anonymous.;Beth Ditto;home
As the prospect of a Tory government gets nearer, many traditional Labour voters - some who switched away in recent times and many who stayed at home - seem more determined to prevent that happening.;Lucy Powell;home
I feel an obligation to set the record straight. Actors that say they're affected by something, that it changes their life, that they take it home with them, they're just trying to get nominated for an Oscar!;Joaquin Phoenix;home
