A father may turn his back on his child, brothers and sisters may become inveterate enemies, husbands may desert their wives, wives their husbands. But a mother's love endures through all.;Washington Irving;love
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love.;Hubert H. Humphrey;love
Death is a challenge. It tells us not to waste time... It tells us to tell each other right now that we love each other.;Leo Buscaglia;love
Hallow the body as a temple to comeliness and sanctify the heart as a sacrifice to love love recompenses the adorers.;Khalil Gibran;love
Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go its pretty damn good.;Woody Allen;love
I think my passion is misinterpreted as anger sometimes. And I don't think people are ready for the message that I'm delivering, and delivering with a sense of violent love.;Charlie Sheen;love
A scholar who cherishes the love of comfort is not fit to be deemed a scholar.;Lao Tzu;love
If the Great Way perishes there will morality and duty. When cleverness and knowledge arise great lies will flourish. When relatives fall out with one another there will be filial duty and love. When states are in confusion there will be faithful servants.;Lao Tzu;love
What do I care about the purring of one who cannot love, like the cat?;Friedrich Nietzsche;love
No matter what you've done for yourself or for humanity, if you can't look back on having given love and attention to your own family, what have you really accomplished?;Lee Iacocca;love
Not necessity, not desire - no, the love of power is the demon of men. Let them have everything - health, food, a place to live, entertainment - they are and remain unhappy and low-spirited: for the demon waits and waits and will be satisfied.;Friedrich Nietzsche;love
The wise are wise only because they love. The fool are fools only because they think they can understand love.;Paulo Coelho;love
Pursue some path, however narrow and crooked, in which you can walk with love and reverence.;Henry David Thoreau;love
You don't have to deserve your mother's love. You have to deserve your father's.;Robert Frost;love
Love thy neighbor - and if he happens to be tall, debonair and devastating, it will be that much easier.;Mae West;love
A heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others.;Frank Morgan;love
For anything worth having one must pay the price and the price is always work, patience, love, self-sacrifice - no paper currency, no promises to pay, but the gold of real service.;John Burroughs;love
A woman can bring a new love to each man she loves, providing there are not too many.;Marilyn Monroe;love
Men who think that a woman's past love affairs lessen her love for them are usually stupid and weak.;Marilyn Monroe;love
I love a natural look in pictures.;Marilyn Monroe;love
Experts on romance say for a happy marriage there has to be more than a passionate love. For a lasting union, they insist, there must be a genuine liking for each other. Which, in my book, is a good definition for friendship.;Marilyn Monroe;love
Someday I want to have children and give them all the love I never had.;Marilyn Monroe;love
I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love.;Marilyn Monroe;love
A strong man doesn't have to be dominant toward a woman. He doesn't match his strength against a woman weak with love for him. He matches it against the world.;Marilyn Monroe;love
I love those who do not know how to live for today.;Friedrich Nietzsche;love
Love is not consolation. It is light.;Friedrich Nietzsche;love
If you're married, and you have a wife, and you really love your wife, is it good enough to only say to your wife 'I love her' the day you get married? Or should you tell her every single day when you wake up and every opportunity? And that's how I feel about my relationship with Jesus Christ is that it is the most important thing in my life.;Tim Tebow;love
Friendship may, and often does, grow into love, but love never subsides into friendship.;Lord Byron;love
This is the hardest of all: to close the open hand out of love, and keep modest as a giver.;Friedrich Nietzsche;love
Whatever is done for love always occurs beyond good and evil.;Friedrich Nietzsche;love
Love matches, so called, have illusion for their father and need for their mother.;Friedrich Nietzsche;love
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.;Albert Schweitzer;love
Never go on trips with anyone you do not love.;Ernest Hemingway;love
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching.;Satchel Paige;love
A woman in love can't be reasonable - or she probably wouldn't be in love.;Mae West;love
Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get - only with what you are expecting to give - which is everything.;Katharine Hepburn;love
We all want to be in love and find that person who is going to love us no matter how our feet smell, no matter how angry we get one day, no matter the things we say that we don't mean.;Will Smith;love
A tree is known by its fruit a man by his deeds. A good deed is never lost he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love.;Saint Basil;love
The great gift of Easter is hope - Christian hope which makes us have that confidence in God, in his ultimate triumph, and in his goodness and love, which nothing can shake.;Basil Hume;love
Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap-on-a-rope.;Bill Cosby;love
There is no lonelier man in death, except the suicide, than that man who has lived many years with a good wife and then outlived her. If two people love each other there can be no happy end to it.;Ernest Hemingway;love
Of all that is written, I love only what a person has written with his own blood.;Friedrich Nietzsche;love
There is no sincerer love than the love of food.;George Bernard Shaw;love
Ignorance and bungling with love are better than wisdom and skill without.;Henry David Thoreau;love
Honestly, I'd love to be remembered as one of the best to ever pick up a mic, but if I'm doing my part to lessen some racial tension I feel good about what I'm doing.;Eminem;love
Those whom we can love, we can hate to others we are indifferent.;Henry David Thoreau;love
The time I burned my guitar it was like a sacrifice. You sacrifice the things you love. I love my guitar.;Jimi Hendrix;love
You can give without loving, but you can never love without giving.;Robert Louis Stevenson;love
I love the attention but I don't like too much of it.;Eminem;love
Do not seek the because - in love there is no because, no reason, no explanation, no solutions.;Anais Nin;love
A man in love is incomplete until he has married. Then he's finished.;Zsa Zsa Gabor;love
I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line.;Lucille Ball;love
A poet never takes notes. You never take notes in a love affair.;Robert Frost;love
So much of what is best in us is bound up in our love of family, that it remains the measure of our stability because it measures our sense of loyalty. All other pacts of love or fear derive from it and are modeled upon it.;Haniel Long;love
Because parents have power over children. They feel they have to do what their parents say. But the love of money is the root of all evil. And this is a sweet child. And to see him turn like this, this isn't him. This is not him.;Michael Jackson;love
For one human being to love another that is perhaps the most difficult of all our tasks, the ultimate, the last test and proof, the work for which all other work is but preparation.;Rainer Maria Rilke;love
Loyalty and devotion lead to bravery. Bravery leads to the spirit of self-sacrifice. The spirit of self-sacrifice creates trust in the power of love.;Morihei Ueshiba;love
The perfect love affair is one which is conducted entirely by post.;George Bernard Shaw;love
Let us dream of tomorrow where we can truly love from the soul, and know love as the ultimate truth at the heart of all creation.;Michael Jackson;love
I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I have ever known.;Walt Disney;love
Love comes when manipulation stops when you think more about the other person than about his or her reactions to you. When you dare to reveal yourself fully. When you dare to be vulnerable.;Joyce Brothers;love
Life in abundance comes only through great love.;Elbert Hubbard;love
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;love
Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don't know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is!;Anne Frank;love
Love is something far more than desire for sexual intercourse it is the principal means of escape from the loneliness which afflicts most men and women throughout the greater part of their lives.;Bertrand Russell;love
The only creatures that are evolved enough to convey pure love are dogs and infants.;Johnny Depp;love
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.;Bradley Whitford;love
It's funny how most people love the dead, once you're dead your made for life.;Jimi Hendrix;love
Having a child is surely the most beautifully irrational act that two people in love can commit.;Bill Cosby;love
Jealousy contains more of self-love than of love.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;love
Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul.;Saint Augustine;love
May we so love as never to have occasion to repent of our love!;Henry David Thoreau;love
You either love or you hate. You live in the middle, you get nothing.;Charlie Sheen;love
You gotta love livin', baby, 'cause dyin' is a pain in the ass.;Frank Sinatra;love
It is most unwise for people in love to marry.;George Bernard Shaw;love
The struggle of my life created empathy - I could relate to pain, being abandoned, having people not love me.;Oprah Winfrey;love
Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind.;Bertrand Russell;love
Adapt yourself to the things among which your lot has been cast and love sincerely the fellow creatures with whom destiny has ordained that you shall live.;Marcus Aurelius;love
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.;Rumi;love
Oh, the tiger will love you. There is no sincerer love than the love of food.;George Bernard Shaw;love
Heaven has no rage like love to hatred turned, nor hell a fury like a woman scorned.;William Congreve;love
Only on paper has humanity yet achieved glory, beauty, truth, knowledge, virtue, and abiding love.;George Bernard Shaw;love
My friends and family are my support system. They tell me what I need to hear, not what I want to hear and they are there for me in the good and bad times. Without them I have no idea where I would be and I know that their love for me is what's keeping my head above the water.;Kelly Clarkson;love
The fickleness of the women I love is only equalled by the infernal constancy of the women who love me.;George Bernard Shaw;love
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.;Og Mandino;love
Love is always open arms. If you close your arms about love you will find that you are left holding only yourself.;Leo Buscaglia;love
Love grows by giving. The love we give away is the only love we keep. The only way to retain love is to give it away.;Elbert Hubbard;love
Let your religion be less of a theory and more of a love affair.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;love
All the laws and legislation in the world will never heal this world like the loving hearts and arms of mothers and fathers. If every child could drift to sleep feeling wrapped in the love of their family - and God's love - this world would be a far more gentle and better place.;Mitt Romney;love
The love of economy is the root of all virtue.;George Bernard Shaw;love
Courage is like love it must have hope for nourishment.;Napoleon Bonaparte;love
I believe that every single event in life happens in an opportunity to choose love over fear.;Oprah Winfrey;love
If love is the answer, could you please rephrase the question?;Lily Tomlin;love
All the commandments: You shall not commit adultery, you shall not kill, you shall not steal, you shall not covet, and so on, are summed up in this single command: You must love your neighbor as yourself.;Jesus Christ;love
No work or love will flourish out of guilt, fear, or hollowness of heart, just as no valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.;Alan Watts;love
To love rightly is to love what is orderly and beautiful in an educated and disciplined way.;Plato;love
Christmas in Bethlehem. The ancient dream: a cold, clear night made brilliant by a glorious star, the smell of incense, shepherds and wise men falling to their knees in adoration of the sweet baby, the incarnation of perfect love.;Lucinda Franks;love
Fantasy love is much better than reality love. Never doing it is very exciting. The most exciting attractions are between two opposites that never meet.;Andy Warhol;love
The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering.;Ben Okri;love
