As civilization advances, poetry almost necessarily declines.;Thomas B. Macaulay;poetry
I'm conscious of a series of circles working its way through my life. And at this particular moment I have come round to the beginning of my writing cycle. It begins with poetry. There's hardly a day that goes past on which I don't write poetry.;Ben Okri;poetry
Poetry is above all a concentration of the power of language, which is the power of our ultimate relationship to everything in the universe.;Adrienne Rich;poetry
Prose on certain occasions can bear a great deal of poetry on the other hand, poetry sinks and swoons under a moderate weight of prose.;Walter Savage Landor;poetry
What other people may find in poetry or art museums, I find in the flight of a good drive.;Arnold Palmer;poetry
For me, poetry is a situation - a state of being, a way of facing life and facing history.;Tahar Ben Jelloun;poetry
Poetry is not only a set of words which are chosen to relate to each other it is something which goes much further than that to provide a glimpse of our vision of the world.;Tahar Ben Jelloun;poetry
Poetry is a form of mathematics, a highly rigorous relationship with words.;Tahar Ben Jelloun;poetry
A grain of poetry suffices to season a century.;Jose Marti;poetry
I cannot speak for more than an hour exclusively about poetry. At that point, life itself takes over again.;Wislawa Szymborska;poetry
Poetic talent doesn't operate in a vacuum. There is a spirit of Polish poetry.;Wislawa Szymborska;poetry
Everyone needs solitude, especially a person who is used to thinking about what she experiences. Solitude is very important in my work as a mode of inspiration, but isolation is not good in this respect. I am not writing poetry about isolation.;Wislawa Szymborska;poetry
Unfortunately, poetry is not born in noise, in crowds, or on a bus. There have to be four walls and the certainty that the telephone will not ring. That's what writing is all about.;Wislawa Szymborska;poetry
In the language of poetry, where every word is weighed, nothing is usual or normal. Not a single stone and not a single cloud above it. Not a single day and not a single night after it. And above all, not a single existence, not anyone's existence in this world.;Wislawa Szymborska;poetry
Solitude is very important in my work as a mode of inspiration, but isolation is not good in this respect. I am not writing poetry about isolation.;Wislawa Szymborska;poetry
There is one type of ideal woman very seldom described in poetry - the old maid, the woman whom sorrow or misfortune prevents from fulfilling her natural destiny.;Lafcadio Hearn;poetry
I was trained as an actress. But I wasn't a very convincing actress, so I started doing punk poetry and then fell into doing stand-up.;Jenny Eclair;poetry
I've always had a love for poetry and when I got signed to a record label I thought, 'How odd that I'm doing a record before a book of poetry,';Jewel;poetry
I think when kids just see well-crafted poetry, it's just obtuse to them. It's hard to relate to.;Jewel;poetry
A public expectation, it has to be said, not of poetry as such but of political positions variously approvable by mutually disapproving groups.;Seamus Heaney;poetry
Poetry has the virtue of being able to say twice as much as prose in half the time, and the drawback, if you do not give it your full attention, of seeming to say half as much in twice the time.;Christopher Fry;poetry
On July 26, 1916, I announced to all my friends in America that from now on I resolved to write no more poems in the classical language, and to begin my experiments in writing poetry in the so-called vulgar tongue of the people.;Hu Shih;poetry
There may be more poetry than justice in poetic justice.;George Will;poetry
Translation is an interestingly different way to be involved both with poetry and with the language that I've found myself living in much of the time. I think the two feed each other.;Marilyn Hacker;poetry
Poetry isn't a profession, it's a way of life. It's an empty basket you put your life into it and make something out of that.;Mary Oliver;poetry
Most poetry in the modern age has retreated to the private sphere, turning its back on the political realm.;Terry Eagleton;poetry
Poetry is the most subtle of the literary arts, and students grow more ingenious by the year at avoiding it. If they can nip around Milton, duck under Blake and collapse gratefully into the arms of Jane Austen, a lot of them will.;Terry Eagleton;poetry
I think that it's more likely that in my 60s and 70s I will be writing poetry rather than fiction.;Robert Morgan;poetry
Pound's translation of Chinese poetry was maybe the most important thing I read. Eliot a little bit later.;Robert Morgan;poetry
You have to really dive deep back into yourself and get rid of so much modern analytical categorization. It's one of the great things poetry does.;Robert Morgan;poetry
The great watershed of modern poetry is French, more than English.;Robert Morgan;poetry
Among the American contemporaries I read with most enjoyment are several North Carolinians. I think the best poetry being written these days is being written by Southerners.;Robert Morgan;poetry
The Language Poets are writing only about language itself. The Ashbery poets are writing only about poetry itself. That seems to me a kind of dead end.;Robert Morgan;poetry
Our most famous writers are Faulkner and Eudora Welty and Flannery O'Connor. It would make sense that the poetry would reflect some of those same values, some of the same techniques.;Robert Morgan;poetry
Poetry, almost by definition, calls attention to its language and form.;Robert Morgan;poetry
The decision to write in prose instead of poetry is made more by the readers than by writers. Almost no one is interested in reading narrative in verse.;Robert Morgan;poetry
Teaching writing over the years intrudes on your own writing in important ways, taking away some of the excitement of poetry.;Robert Morgan;poetry
I don't think poetry is something that can be taught. We can encourage young writers, but what you can't teach them is the very essence of poetry.;Robert Morgan;poetry
I don't think the creative writing industry has helped American poetry.;Robert Morgan;poetry
Some people swear by writing courses, but whether it really helps American poetry, I have doubts.;Robert Morgan;poetry
I don't think American poetry has gotten any better in the past 35 years. Oddly enough, creative writing programs seem to have been good for fiction, and I would not have predicted that.;Robert Morgan;poetry
I love to compare different time frames. Poetry can evoke the time of the subject. By a very careful choice of words you can evoke an era, completely throw the poem into a different time scale.;Robert Morgan;poetry
One of the most powerful devices of poetry is the use of distortions. You can go from talking about the way a minute passes to the way a century passes, or a lifetime.;Robert Morgan;poetry
Alchemy is the art of far and near, and I think poetry is alchemy in that way. It's delightful to distort size, to see something that's tiny as though it were vast.;Robert Morgan;poetry
A poem in form still has to have voice, gesture, a sense of discovery, a metaphoric connection, as any poetry does.;Robert Morgan;poetry
The fact that something is in a rhymed form or in blank verse will not make it good poetry.;Robert Morgan;poetry
What actually makes poetry poetry is of course impossible to define. We recognize it when we hear it, when we see it, but we can't define it.;Robert Morgan;poetry
The idea of avant-garde art is a very suspicious thing to me, the idea that poetry is new and it keeps being new the way Chevrolets every year are new.;Robert Morgan;poetry
Part of what we love about poetry is the fact that it seems ancient, that it has an authority of ancient language and ancient form, and that it's timeless, that it reaches back.;Robert Morgan;poetry
The young people have MTV and rock and roll. Why would they go to read poetry? Poetry belongs to the Stone Age. It awakens in us perceptions that go back to those times.;Robert Morgan;poetry
I learned to impersonate the kind of person that talks about poetry. It comes from teaching, I think.;Robert Morgan;poetry
Science is for those who learn, poetry is for those who know.;Joseph Roux;poetry
Poetry is truth in its Sunday clothes.;Joseph Roux;poetry
I write all the time - I write poetry, I love to write.;Colin Quinn;poetry
But one does not make living writing poetry unless you're a professor, and one frankly doesn't get a lot of girls as a poet.;Jeffery Deaver;poetry
With Shakespeare and poetry, a new world was born. New dreams, new desires, a self consciousness was born. I desired to know to know myself in terms of the new standards set by these books.;Peter Abrahams;poetry
I'm not a writer. I think I can write short stories and poetry, but film writing, brilliant film writing, is a talent - you can't just do it like that.;Samantha Morton;poetry
It's like I understand images and some people understand poetry.;Samantha Morton;poetry
Poetry is a mere drug, Sir.;George Farquhar;poetry
I have piles of poetry books in the bathroom, on the stairs, everywhere. The only way to write poetry is to read it.;Carol Ann Duffy;poetry
You campaign in poetry. You govern in prose.;Mario Cuomo;poetry
Those who say we should dismantle the role of Poet Laureate altogether, the trick they miss is that being called this thing, with the weight of tradition behind it, and with the association of the Royal family, does allow you to have conversations and to open doors, and wallets, for the good of poetry in a way that nothing else would allow.;Andrew Motion;poetry
Poetry is at the centre of my life, too, emotionally speaking, and intellectually speaking - it's just that I'm one of those people who enjoy doing other stuff as well.;Andrew Motion;poetry
I'm not precisely saying that a really good board meeting at the MLA (Museums, Libraries and Archives Coucil) makes me want to go and write poetry, but there is a pleasure in doing that sort of thing well.;Andrew Motion;poetry
In a general way, I want to be a kind of flag-waver, bunting hanger-up, drum-beater, you name it, for poetry.;Andrew Motion;poetry
Thanks partly to the kind of poets that we now have and partly to funding, there's been a gigantic shift in the way poetry is perceived... Poems on the Underground, poets in schools, football clubs, zoos.;Andrew Motion;poetry
I wanted to reimagine the role, in a way that was respectful of its traditional responsibilities but made them part of a wider pattern of poetry about national incidents, events, preoccupations and to spend a great deal of time going to schools trying to demystify poetry.;Andrew Motion;poetry
More people are reading poetry now than at any time in the history of the human race.;Andrew Motion;poetry
Poetry is a special use of language that opens onto the real. The business of the poet is truth telling, which is why in the Celtic tradition no one could be a teacher unless he or she was a poet.;Huston Smith;poetry
This is a good time to ask apologists for the Islamic regime, who degrades Islam? Who imposes stoning, forced marriage of underage girls and flogging for not wearing the veil? Do such practices represent Iran's ancient history and culture, its ethnic and religious diversity? Its centuries of sensual and subversive poetry?;Azar Nafisi;poetry
Poetry and consumption are the most flattering of diseases.;William Shenstone;poetry
The lines of poetry, the period of prose, and even the texts of Scripture most frequently recollected and quoted, are those which are felt to be preeminently musical.;William Shenstone;poetry
Cut quarrels out of literature, and you will have very little history or drama or fiction or epic poetry left.;Robert Staughton Lynd;poetry
A very intimate sense of the expressiveness of outward things, which ponders, listens, penetrates, where the earlier, less developed consciousness passed lightly by, is an important element in the general temper of our modern poetry.;Walter Pater;poetry
That sense of a life in natural objects, which in most poetry is but a rhetorical artifice, was, then, in Wordsworth the assertion of what was for him almost literal fact.;Walter Pater;poetry
Many attempts have been made by writers on art and poetry to define beauty in the abstract, to express it in the most general terms, to find some universal formula for it.;Walter Pater;poetry
Such discussions help us very little to enjoy what has been well done in art or poetry, to discriminate between what is more and what is less excellent in them, or to use words like beauty, excellence, art, poetry, with a more precise meaning than they would otherwise have.;Walter Pater;poetry
I wrote some bad poetry that I published in North African journals, but even as I withdrew into this reading, I also led the life of a kind of young hooligan.;Jacques Derrida;poetry
All those authors there, most of whom of course I've never met. That's the poetry side, that's the prose side, that's the fishing and miscellaneous behind me. You get an affection for books that you've enjoyed.;Norman MacCaig;poetry
And if they haven't got poetry in them, there's nothing you can do that will produce it.;Norman MacCaig;poetry
And the second question, can poetry be taught? I didn't think so.;Norman MacCaig;poetry
However, I learned something. I thought that if the young person, the student, has poetry in him or her, to offer them help is like offering a propeller to a bird.;Norman MacCaig;poetry
I never think about poetry except when I'm writing it. I mean my poetry.;Norman MacCaig;poetry
I was very interested in American poetry for many years. Much less now.;Norman MacCaig;poetry
In fact a lot of them I think are absolute baloney. Those Charles Olsens and people like that. At first I was interested in seeing what they were up to, what they were doing, why they were doing it. They never moved me in the way that one is moved by true poetry.;Norman MacCaig;poetry
When I was asked to be Writer in Residence at Edinburgh I thought, you can't teach poetry. This is ridiculous.;Norman MacCaig;poetry
I believe the death of Bobby Kennedy was in many ways the death of decency in America. I think it was the death of manners and formality, the death of poetry and the death of a dream.;Emilio Estevez;poetry
I wrote things for the school's newspaper, and - like all teenagers - I dabbled in poetry.;Stephen Colbert;poetry
Today the U.S. is farther from being nourished by poetry than it was a hundred years ago, when books of poems were best-sellers.;James Broughton;poetry
In the world of poetry there are would-be poets, workshop poets, promising poets, lovesick poets, university poets, and a few real poets.;James Broughton;poetry
The quietest poetry can be an explosion of joy.;James Broughton;poetry
For me, prose walks, poetry dances.;James Broughton;poetry
Poetry is a natural energy resource of our country.It has no energy crisis, possessing a potential that will last as long as the country. Its power is equal to that of any country in the world.;Richard Eberhart;poetry
However, poetry does not live solely in books or in school anthologies.;Eugenio Montale;poetry
I do not go in search of poetry. I wait for poetry to visit me.;Eugenio Montale;poetry
Narrative art, the novel, from Murasaki to Proust, has produced great works of poetry.;Eugenio Montale;poetry
Poetry is the art which is technically within the grasp of everyone: a piece of paper and a pencil and one is ready.;Eugenio Montale;poetry
Slowly poetry becomes visual because it paints images, but it is also musical: it unites two arts into one.;Eugenio Montale;poetry
There is also poetry written to be shouted in a square in front of an enthusiastic crowd. This occurs especially in countries where authoritarian regimes are in power.;Eugenio Montale;poetry
