Do not tell secrets to those whose faith and silence you have not already tested.;Elizabeth I;faith
Writing fiction has become a priestly business in countries that have lost their faith.;Gore Vidal;faith
Faith begins where Reason sinks exhausted.;Albert Pike;faith
Faith is what someone knows to be true, whether they believe it or not.;Flannery O'Connor;faith
To disbelieve is easy to scoff is simple to have faith is harder.;Louis L'Amour;faith
In economics, hope and faith coexist with great scientific pretension and also a deep desire for respectability.;John Kenneth Galbraith;faith
It's faith in something and enthusiasm for something that makes a life worth living.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;faith
The man of science has learned to believe in justification, not by faith, but by verification.;Thomas Huxley;faith
An Adult faith does not follow the waves of fashion and the latest novelties.;Pope Benedict XVI;faith
If you think you can win, you can win. Faith is necessary to victory.;William Hazlitt;faith
For me, the peculiar qualities of faith are a logical outcome of this level of biological organization.;E. O. Wilson;faith
Even if a unity of faith is not possible, a unity of love is.;Hans Urs von Balthasar;faith
You all know that I have been sustained throughout my life by three saving graces - my family, my friends, and a faith in the power of resilience and hope. These graces have carried me through difficult times and they have brought more joy to the good times than I ever could have imagined.;Elizabeth Edwards;faith
Faith crosses every border and touches every heart in every nation.;George W. Bush;faith
Writing is an act of faith, not a trick of grammar.;E. B. White;faith
Bid, then, the tender light of faith to shine By which alone the mortal heart is led Unto the thinking of the thought divine.;George Santayana;faith
I never really had the classic struggle. I had faith.;Denzel Washington;faith
If I advocate cautious optimism it is not because I do not have faith in the future but because I do not want to encourage blind faith.;Aung San Suu Kyi;faith
A sublime faith in human imbecility has seldom led those who cherish it astray.;Havelock Ellis;faith
That willing suspension of disbelief for the moment, which constitutes poetic faith.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;faith
You cannot be President of the United States if you don't have faith. Remember Lincoln, going to his knees in times of trial in the Civil War and all that stuff.;George H. W. Bush;faith
Corruption is nature's way of restoring our faith in democracy.;Peter Ustinov;faith
Happy is the son whose faith in his mother remains unchallenged.;Louisa May Alcott;faith
Religion is part of the human make-up. It's also part of our cultural and intellectual history. Religion was our first attempt at literature, the texts, our first attempt at cosmology, making sense of where we are in the universe, our first attempt at health care, believing in faith healing, our first attempt at philosophy.;Christopher Hitchens;faith
Hold firmly that our faith is identical with that of the ancients. Deny this, and you dissolve the unity of the Church.;Thomas Aquinas;faith
Basically, there are two paths you can walk: faith or fear. It's impossible to simultaneously trust God and not trust God.;Charles Stanley;faith
Our society is illuminated by the spiritual insights of the Hebrew prophets. America and Israel have a common love of human freedom, and they have a common faith in a democratic way of life.;Lyndon B. Johnson;faith
The difficulties we face originate from one of three sources. Some are sent to us by the Lord to test our faith, others are the result of Satan's attacks, and still others are due to our own sinful choices.;Charles Stanley;faith
The separation of church and state is a source of strength, but the conscience of our nation does not call for separation between men of state and faith in the Supreme Being.;Lyndon B. Johnson;faith
Is it faith to understand nothing, and merely submit your convictions implicitly to the Church?;John Calvin;faith
Faith is an excitement and an enthusiasm: it is a condition of intellectual magnificence to which we must cling as to a treasure, and not squander on our way through life in the small coin of empty words, or in exact and priggish argument.;George Sand;faith
It's very important that every movie I do makes money because I want the people that had the faith in me to get their money back.;Quentin Tarantino;faith
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than You, and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world.;Judy Collins;faith
All that I say is, examine, inquire. Look into the nature of things. Search out the grounds of your opinions, the for and against. Know why you believe, understand what you believe, and possess a reason for the faith that is in you.;Frances Wright;faith
Let judges secretly despair of justice: their verdicts will be more acute. Let generals secretly despair of triumph killing will be defamed. Let priests secretly despair of faith: their compassion will be true.;Leonard Cohen;faith
There is greatness in the fear of God, contentment in faith of God, and honour in humility.;Abu Bakr;faith
An atheist may be simply one whose faith and love are concentrated on the impersonal aspects of God.;Simone Weil;faith
Is he alone who has courage on his right hand and faith on his left hand?;Charles Lindbergh;faith
I respect faith, but doubt is what gives you an education.;Wilson Mizner;faith
Workers have kept faith in American institutions. Most of the conflicts, which have occurred have been when labor's right to live has been challenged and denied.;John L. Lewis;faith
To know a person's religion we need not listen to his profession of faith but must find his brand of intolerance.;Eric Hoffer;faith
If there was no faith there would be no living in this world. We could not even eat hash with any safety.;Josh Billings;faith
The man who radiates good cheer, who makes life happier wherever he meets it, is always a man of vision and faith.;Ella Wheeler Wilcox;faith
If I were dying my last words would be: Have faith and pursue the unknown end.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;faith
Where there is the necessary technical skill to move mountains, there is no need for the faith that moves mountains.;Eric Hoffer;faith
Take away hatred from some people, and you have men without faith.;Eric Hoffer;faith
To 'choose' dogma and faith over doubt and experience is to throw out the ripening vintage and to reach greedily for the Kool-Aid.;Christopher Hitchens;faith
Obedience is an act of faith disobedience is the result of unbelief.;Edwin Louis Cole;faith
Faith is the virtue by which, clinging-to the faithfulness of God, we lean upon him, so that we may obtain what he gives to us.;William Ames;faith
I've lost my faith in science.;Bette Davis;faith
What I learned growing up on the farm was a way of life that was centered on hard work, and on faith and on thrift. Those values have stuck with me my whole life.;Rick Perry;faith
I don't think that the total creation took place in six days as we now measure time. If we can confirm, say, the Big Bang theory, that doesn't at all cause me to question my faith that God created the Big Bang.;Jimmy Carter;faith
I believe that if we really want human brotherhood to spread and increase until it makes life safe and sane, we must also be certain that there is no one true faith or path by which it may spread.;Adlai E. Stevenson;faith
I found a religion that blended scientific reason with spiritual reality in a unifying faith far removed from the headlines of violence, destruction and terrorism.;Cat Stevens;faith
The first holy truth in God 101 is that men and women of true faith have always had to accept the mystery of God's identity and love and ways. I hate that, but it's the truth.;Anne Lamott;faith
Action and faith enslave thought, both of them in order not be troubled or inconvenienced by reflection, criticism, and doubt.;Henri Frederic Amiel;faith
The origin of the absurd idea of immortal life is easy to discover it is kept alive by hope and fear, by childish faith, and by cowardice.;Clarence Darrow;faith
Trust is not the same as faith. A friend is someone you trust. Putting faith in anyone is a mistake.;Christopher Hitchens;faith
There's been some research in cognitive science, I'm told, that discloses that there have always been perhaps 10 to 15 percent of people who are, as Pascal puts it, so made that they cannot believe. To us, when people talk about faith, it's white noise.;Christopher Hitchens;faith
Base souls have no faith in great individuals.;Jean-Jacques Rousseau;faith
I looked at some of the statues of Jesus they were just stones with no life. When they said that God is three, I was puzzled even more but could not argue. I believed it, simply because I had to have respect for the faith of my parents.;Cat Stevens;faith
Those who love him love that he sells the most art they take it as a point of faith that this proves Kinkade is the best. But his fans don't only rely on this supply-and-demand justification. They go back to values.;Jerry Saltz;faith
Between understanding and faith immediate connections must subsist.;Marquis de Sade;faith
Art requires neither complaisance nor politeness nothing but faith, faith and freedom.;Gustave Flaubert;faith
I think there ought to be a strict separation or wall built between our religious faith and our practice of political authority in office. I don't think the President of the United States should extoll Christianity if he happens to be a Christian at the expense of Judaism, Islam or other faiths.;Jimmy Carter;faith
For this equilibrium now in sight, let us trust that mankind, as it has occurred in the greatest periods of its past, will find for itself a new code of ethics, common to all, made of tolerance, of courage, and of faith in the Spirit of men.;Albert Claude;faith
My gut feelings and my faith tell me that until God shuts a door, no human can shut it.;Olusegun Obasanjo;faith
My faith helps me understand that circumstances don't dictate my happiness, my inner peace.;Denzel Washington;faith
Faith Hill is a big role model.;Taylor Swift;faith
Wal-Mart doesn't really care about your faith. Wal-Mart cares if you have money to spend, and it is going to be as generic as possible in exploiting the holiday season for every buck it can make.;Richard Roeper;faith
People look at me and see a calm, cool guy on the sidelines and I want them to know that my Christian faith affects my coaching and everything I do.;Tony Dungy;faith
An unexamined faith is not worth having, for fundamentalism and uncritical certitude entail the rejection of one of the great human gifts: that of free will, of the liberty to make up our own minds based on evidence and tradition and reason.;Jon Meacham;faith
Let the people who never find true love keep saying that there's no such thing. Their faith will make it easier for them to live and die.;Wislawa Szymborska;faith
Look at the Afghans, during the time of the Soviet invasion. They were among the poorest Muslims in the world, yet they were sustained by their faith in God, and God alone.;Abu Bakar Bashir;faith
Faith without works is like a bird without wings though she may hop with her companions on earth, yet she will never fly with them to heaven.;Francis Beaumont;faith
Our national motto is 'In God we Trust,' reminding us that faith in our Creator is the most important American value of all.;Marco Rubio;faith
You just have to have a simple faith.;Jimmy Carter;faith
In religious and in secular affairs, the more fervent beliefs attract followers. If you are a moderate in any respect - if you're a moderate on abortion, if you're a moderate on gun control, or if you're a moderate in your religious faith - it doesn't evolve into a crusade where you're either right or wrong, good or bad, with us or against us.;Jimmy Carter;faith
Faith is an act of a finite being who is grasped by, and turned to, the infinite.;Paul Tillich;faith
They are the weakest, however strong, who have no faith in themselves or their own powers.;Christian Nestell Bovee;faith
Prayer is as natural an expression of faith as breathing is of life.;Jonathan Edwards;faith
A person who has sympathy for mankind in the lump, faith in its future progress, and desire to serve the great cause of this progress, should be called not a humanist, but a humanitarian, and his creed may be designated as humanitarianism.;Irving Babbitt;faith
I had to learn my faith and look after my family, and I had to make priorities. But now I've done it all and there's a little space for me to fill in the universe of music again.;Cat Stevens;faith
I wasn't with Joseph, but I believe him. My faith did not come to me through science, and I will not permit so-called science to destroy it.;Thomas S. Monson;faith
Should doubt knock at your doorway, just say to those skeptical, disturbing, rebellious thoughts, I propose to stay with my faith, with the faith of my people.;Thomas S. Monson;faith
And that's the great thing about living the Christian life and trying to live by faith, is you're trying to get better every day. You're trying to improve.;Tim Tebow;faith
Look, I think Hispanic community - the values that resonate in our community are fundamentally conservative. They are faith, family and patriotism.;Ted Cruz;faith
If you want to lose your faith, make friends with a priest.;G. I. Gurdjieff;faith
Fight the good fight of faith, and God will give you spiritual mercies.;George Whitefield;faith
Hope, like faith, is nothing if it is not courageous it is nothing if it is not ridiculous.;Thornton Wilder;faith
Family and friends and faith are the most important things in your life and you should be building friendships.;Barbara Bush;faith
If you put all your strength and faith and vigor into a job and try to do the best you can, the money will come.;Lawrence Welk;faith
All the strength and force of man comes from his faith in things unseen. He who believes is strong he who doubts is weak. Strong convictions precede great actions.;James Freeman Clarke;faith
A witness, in the sense that I am using the word, is a man whose life and faith are so completely one that when the challenge comes to step out and testify for his faith, he does so, disregarding all risks, accepting all consequences.;Whittaker Chambers;faith
Moderation is part of faith, so those who accuse Muslim schools of fostering fanaticism should learn a bit more about Islam.;Cat Stevens;faith
I come now to tell you for what I am brought here to die, and to give you an account of my faith, which I shall do as in the sight of the living God before whom I am shortly to stand.;Donald Cargill;faith
May it not be that, just as we have to have faith in Him, God has to have faith in us and, considering the history of the human race so far, may it not be that 'faith' is even more difficult for Him than it is for us?;W. H. Auden;faith
Every life is a profession of faith, and exercises an inevitable and silent influence.;Henri Frederic Amiel;faith
I don't know if the average person really has faith in Washington anymore.;Tori Amos;faith
