No, writing musicals is the hardest thing in the world. And it was really funny, because I remember when the South Park movie came out, there were some critics that said, 'Well it's obvious that in order to get it to be 90 minutes they filled some time with music.';Trey Parker;funny
Nothing's funny about someone who's successful.;Drew Carey;funny
TV is easier: it's all planned out for you and the audience is there to see a show and they are all pumped up but when you are in a comedy club, you have to be really funny to win them over.;Drew Carey;funny
It's funny because I'm a sucker for glitz and glitter when it comes to clothes and nail polish, but with my makeup, I'm more comfortable with a natural look. It feels more like me.;Alison Sweeney;funny
It's funny because it's funny.;David Spade;funny
I'm on so late I'm definitely the last seconds of anyone's attention. So I just want to give them something dumb to laugh at, so they go, 'That's funny,' then fall asleep.;Jimmy Fallon;funny
I recently spent quite a bit of time in Sheffield, England, which is where I'm from. I wouldn't move back there, but it's funny when you spend a bit of time in the place where you were brought up. You kind of realize how that place has had quite a big effect on you or made you a certain way.;Jarvis Cocker;funny
I listen like mad to any conversation taking place next to me just trying to hear why this is funny. Women's restrooms are especially great. I wash my hands twice waiting for people to come in and start talking.;Lynda Barry;funny
I don't just try to be funny.;Bil Keane;funny
It's harder to be funny if you're handsome than if you're very normal-looking. It's just more relatable. You're the underdog. I mean it's funny to see people struggle, and you don't buy that Brad Pitt is struggling, you know that guy could be the most skill-less guy in the world, but if you look like that you will be fine for the rest of your life.;Jonah Hill;funny
It's funny, because I never think of myself as Little Miss All-Together.;Courteney Cox;funny
When I was a kid I didn't feel like I fit in because - this is really silly and I probably shouldn't say it, but, I didn't think anything was funny. So I used to go home and literally cry to my mom and my step-dad at the time and I didn't think anything was funny. I couldn't laugh.;Courteney Cox;funny
I realized my family was funny, because nobody ever wanted to leave our house.;Anthony Anderson;funny
You know what? I never really factor Hollywood into anything. I'm a black actor, so I can't really control what Hollywood thinks. I gotta go do my thing, and my jokes have got to be funny. Whatever I do has got to be great.;Jamie Foxx;funny
I really wanted to just be a musician. I didn't want to be anything else, but I was funny and all that.;Jamie Foxx;funny
For years I used to bore my wife over lunch with stories about funny incidents.;James Herriot;funny
Movies these days have made killers into funny people. What's that all about? I've got kids and family and friends, and I don't like bad things. I don't think they're funny, and it's irresponsible to make movies that don't show you how that's not good.;Billy Bob Thornton;funny
I tell you, it's funny because the only time I think about HIV is when I have to take my medicine twice a day.;Magic Johnson;funny
A comedian's body is funny as well as his mind being funny, his whole personage is funny.;Bobby Darin;funny
I want to be in 'Funny Girl.' And I want Ryan Murphy to direct it.;Lea Michele;funny
It would be pretty funny to see a Beverly Hills white girl with mad rap skills.;Tori Spelling;funny
Being a funny person does an awful lot of things to you. You feel that you mustn't get serious with people. They don't expect it from you, and they don't want to see it. You're not entitled to be serious, you're a clown.;Fanny Brice;funny
Comedy is not funny. Comedy is hard work and timing and lots and lots of rehearsals.;Larry Hagman;funny
That's why I like to get out there, and get people to see the other side of Mitt, and know us in a different reflection when you see the family and how funny he is with the boys and with the grandkids. And you know, just what a super guy he is. That's part of what I am doing, is letting people see the other side of Mitt.;Ann Romney;funny
Funny is funny.;Don Rickles;funny
Memories are doing funny things to us.;Milos Forman;funny
My dad loved to laugh. He was very funny and very silly.;Mike Myers;funny
Europe is scooters. Europe is five young people on one bench sharing a chocolate bar. Their idea of entertainment and fun is so much different than ours, which is exactly why a movie about them would be funny.;Mike Myers;funny
So that's why one of my rules of parody writing is that it's gotta be funny regardless of whether you know the source material. It has to work on its own merit.;Al Yankovic;funny
People never ask people doing serious music, 'Do you ever think about doing funny music?';Al Yankovic;funny
I've never really understood that. It's a funny thing people sometimes accuse us of condescending to our characters somehow-that to me is kind of inexplicable.;Joel Coen;funny
Ninety-eight per cent of laughter is nothing to do with jokes, which do not deserve to bear the weight of all the funny stuff in the world.;Arthur Smith;funny
The history of the relationship between comedy and swimming is short indeed. Of course it is always funny when someone falls into water, but that's about it.;Arthur Smith;funny
'Married with Children' was racy. It was sexist. It was a lot of things, but mostly it was funny.;Katey Sagal;funny
My mother was a terrific force in my life. Wartime-generation woman, hadn't gone to university but should have done. Was very funny, very verbal, very clever, very witty.;Ian Hislop;funny
I was doing sketches that were funny but socially irresponsible. I felt I was deliberately being encouraged and I was overwhelmed.;Dave Chappelle;funny
It's funny recently I've started to notice people's impersonations of me, and it's basically like a hyperactive child.;Dave Grohl;funny
It's funny I actually made poorer decisions when I sobered up then when I was screwed up.;Corey Feldman;funny
It's funny, having the same name as someone. Me, Emma Watson and Emma Stone, the amount of times I've been called Emma Watson or Emma Stone is so funny. It's just 'cause we're all named Emma. None of us look alike.;Emma Roberts;funny
I don't really have a type of guy I like. It's just like nice guys, cute boys I mean, ones that are funny.;Emma Roberts;funny
But I think Kiss Kiss, Bang Bang really got that thing where, if a movie reads really funny and then has some dramatic or violent or sinister stuff in it, you can't forget that primarily it has to be even funnier than you read it or that other stuff doesn't work.;Robert Downey, Jr.;funny
I wish I could be as thin as Jessica Simpson. I think she looks gorgeous! I have had Jessica on my show several times, and I can tell you that girl is genuine and funny with a great self-deprecating sense of humor.;Rachael Ray;funny
And at the time, it is funny how you can look at something and say, for example with my shoulder injury, when it first happened I said this is the worst thing that could happen to me. Why me, why now? Now I look back and say it was probably the best thing that happened to me.;Drew Brees;funny
I think we're the only jokeless show on television. I mean really, we have no setups and no punch lines. It's not a joke show. There are funny lines and funny moments but again the comedy is born of the human experience and awkward pauses are a great part of what it is to be human.;Rainn Wilson;funny
We've got a bunch of new writers now who tell me they grew up watching The Simpsons. It's bizarre, and they're writing some very funny stuff.;Matt Groening;funny
Sometimes people get mad at The Simpsons' subversive story telling, but there's another message in there, which is a celebration of making wild, funny stories.;Matt Groening;funny
I can always get better. A lot of my ex-girlfriends don't think I'm funny.;Dane Cook;funny
I didn't plan to be the rude middle-class comedian. You write a certain type of joke that you find funny, and mine happen to be often rude. Yes, it's juvenile, but that's me.;Jimmy Carr;funny
Only bad golfers are lucky. They're the ones bouncing balls off trees, curbs, turtles and cars. Good golfers have bad luck. When you hit the ball straight, a funny bounce is bound to be unlucky.;Lee Trevino;funny
Music is more difficult - try naming a political band. The Dead Kennedys. The Dead Kennedys are political, but they are more funny than they are political.;Thom Yorke;funny
We sit in a room for months trying to think of funny things.;David Walliams;funny
I love a smart, well-written show, and '30 Rock,' well, you can't get any better than that. Tina Fey poos funny. There's nothing that she does that isn't funny. That show is an example of how brilliant she is. It's so smart. They've done some brilliant commentary about the 'Housewives' with 'Queen of Jordan,' their show-within-the-show.;Andy Cohen;funny
I am accusing him of stealing my best material, he was a very funny man.;Frank Carson;funny
It's unbearable when someone changes around you. Just imagine that your life partner changes, then it is difficult to cope with. Or your mother. Or your father. They were strong and now they're like a baby - it's not so funny.;Michael Haneke;funny
'Funny Games' was conceived as a provocation. My other films are different. If people feel my other films are, or respond to them as provocation, then that's quite different. 'Funny Games' is the only one of mine where my intention was to provoke the audience.;Michael Haneke;funny
When I first envisioned 'Funny Games' in the mid-1990s, it was my intention to have an American audience watch the movie. It is a reaction to a certain American cinema, its violence, its naivety, the way American cinema toys with human beings. In many American films, violence is made consumable.;Michael Haneke;funny
I have an inability to enjoy things, but that's why we're in comedy. If we were happy, we wouldn't be funny, I guess.;Paul Feig;funny
For years, it's driven me crazy that women don't have better roles, especially in comedies. I know so many funny women but I always felt... misogynist streak is too strong a term - but a dismissiveness.;Paul Feig;funny
I love funny people, and when I'm with funny people, or people who are amusing in their weirdness, I love it. Because that to me is funny, as opposed to someone who stops and says, 'Hey let me tell you a joke.';Paul Feig;funny
What's so great about working with really funny women is that vanity comes second. Whatever makes it real and funny, they're going to go for, and it's just great.;Paul Feig;funny
What I don't like is when I see stuff that I know has had a lot of improv done or is playing around where there's no purpose to the scene other than to just be funny. What you don't want is funny scene, funny scene, funny scene, and now here's the epiphany scene and then the movie's over.;Paul Feig;funny
Women's humor seems to be a little more supportive. It's just kind of trying to make the other one laugh through funny voices and kind of talking about other people. I respond to that. I feel less like I'm going to get beat up in a room full of women than I do in a room full of guys.;Paul Feig;funny
It's funny when people say you have sex appeal or call you the next Brad Pitt. I just laugh. I'm not that. I don't want to be that.;Kellan Lutz;funny
By no means do I want to be a piece of meat for the rest of my career. It's funny when you get asked to do a talk show, and then they follow it up with requesting you take your shirt off.;Kellan Lutz;funny
See, I don't really go after girls. Most of the girlfriends I've had have come after me. So it's really funny when girls get offended because I don't hit on them.;Kellan Lutz;funny
It's interesting that whenever I meet some of the other Bond girls, I always have something in common, and it is an interesting sorority. We all share about our Bonds. 'Did your Bond do that?' 'Yes mine did!' So it is quite funny conversations. We may as well be in high school.;Jane Seymour;funny
You know, Stephen says, in the movies no one ever goes to the bathroom. They shave, they brush their teeth. He goes right at this sort of funny taboo we have about the bathroom, and he turned it into this nightmare, you know, your worst fear of what's in there.;Lawrence Kasdan;funny
Funny is an attitude.;Flip Wilson;funny
My main point is to be funny if I can slip a message in there, fine.;Flip Wilson;funny
Things can be funny only when we are in fun. When we're 'dead earnest,' humor is the only thing that is dead.;Flip Wilson;funny
Funny is not a color. Being black is only good from the time you get from the curtain to the microphone.;Flip Wilson;funny
I don't believe that anybody has come to a conclusion on why something is funny. It's funny because it's ridiculous and it's ridiculous for different reasons at different times.;Jackie Mason;funny
There are so many funny women in the world, and there has been for so many years, so I'll be happy when people can just move on from that, and things can just be 'comedies' and not 'female' or 'male,' and everyone gets an equal opportunity.;Kristen Wiig;funny
But if something funny happens, I can't resist. I have to tell the people.;Kathy Griffin;funny
I would like to do something modern and possibly funny.;Dan Stevens;funny
I've always enjoyed making people laugh. But in order for me to be funny, I have to get ticked off about something.;Carl Hiaasen;funny
Everyone comes up to me saying, 'Cooee, Julie! Hello!' as if I know them. Of course I don't bloody know them. Am I flummoxed by it? Sometimes. I think, 'Ooh, love, go easy.' For a time, I did feel this pressure that I had to be funny, but it passes.;Julie Walters;funny
Oh all the time when Victoria Wood and I did our series. There were people asking 'Can women be funny?' People still ask that. It's like asking: 'Can women breathe in and out?';Julie Walters;funny
I was the little, funny one. I felt I was the child among grown women.;Julie Walters;funny
It's a real primal thing, watching someone get hurt. It's funny and accessible.;Johnny Knoxville;funny
It's a funny thing - when I'm crazed with work, spending time with my children relaxes me. Yet, at the end of a long weekend with them, the very thing I need to relax is a little work and time away from them!;Emily Giffin;funny
It's really funny because the same people who loved me as Stringer Bell were the same people that were watching 'Daddy's Little Girls' literally in tears.;Idris Elba;funny
I had seen movies before that that had made me laugh, but I had never seen anything even remotely close to as funny as Richard Pryor was, just standing there talking.;Joe Rogan;funny
I wouldn't totally rule out doing Letterman or the Tonight Show if I had a set that I just happened to write that I thought was funny but was still appropriate for network censors. But I'm not going to go out of my way.;Joe Rogan;funny
The audience changes every night. You're the same person. You have to speak your mind and do the stuff that you think is funny and makes you laugh.;Joe Rogan;funny
The misconception is that standup comics are always on. I don't know any really funny comics that are annoying and constantly trying to be funny all the time.;Joe Rogan;funny
I used to say I wanted somebody funny and intelligent, but kindness is the most important quality in a man.;Cat Deeley;funny
The great thing is that the funny side of getting old is fuel for my comedy.;Steve Coogan;funny
I think it's always funny when you see kids do Shakespeare.;Steve Coogan;funny
But with comedy it's a simple premise. If it's funny, people laugh. If it's not, they don't.;Steve Coogan;funny
Hitchcock had a charm about him. He was very funny at times. He was incredibly brilliant in his field of suspense.;Tippi Hedren;funny
One lion thinks it's just hilarious to tackle us. He's very funny about it... and we always know when it will happen.;Tippi Hedren;funny
Working with Chaplin was very amusing and strange. His films are so funny, but working with him, I found him to be a very serious man. Whereas the films of Hitchcock are macabre, he could be a very funny man to work with, always telling jokes and holding court. Of course, when I worked with Charlie he was getting older.;Tippi Hedren;funny
I actually find novels that are determined to be funny at every turn quite oppressive.;Ian Mcewan;funny
It's funny, though, with films, because you can incorporate a variety of elements, and sometimes that can work for you and sometimes I think it can work against you.;Guy Pearce;funny
Comedians don't laugh. They're too busy analyzing why it's funny or not.;James Lipton;funny
What was really funny is that as I got older all those guys who called me a sissy in junior high school wanted me to be their best friend because they wanted to meet all the girls that I knew in figure skating.;Scott Hamilton;funny
I can't not find humor in elements of most parts of life, but at the same time nothing ever seems perpetually funny to me.;Greg Kinnear;funny
And, in a funny way, each death is different and you mourn each death differently and each death brings back the death you mourned earlier and you get into a bit of a pile-up.;Nigella Lawson;funny
