There is nothing like the way people feel after they've seen 'The Intouchables.' They feel amazing. The word of mouth on this film is incredible. It's intelligent-feeling good. You're not insulted by the low-browness or stupidity of some of the humor. It's so smart and terrific.;Harvey Weinstein;humor
There are just certain things that turn my head. It may be a girl's sense of humor, it may be her wit, or her belief system it could be a lot of different things.;Jensen Ackles;humor
I find that people find a way out of misery through humor and it's humor that's often unacceptable to people who are not in quite such a state of misery.;Danny Boyle;humor
I'm lucky that my real-life Mom has both a great sense of humor about herself and an amazing ability to slip into complete denial if the subject matter gets a little too close to home.;Cathy Guisewite;humor
When humor can be made to alternate with melancholy, one has a success, but when the same things are funny and melancholic at the same time, it's just wonderful.;Francois Truffaut;humor
I want someone who can keep me on my toes, has a good sense of humor and a good heart.;Carmen Electra;humor
I have a very silly sense of humor. I've never laughed harder in my entire life than seeing someone with toilet paper stuck on the bottom of their shoe.;Paula Poundstone;humor
Whether it's viewers of the show or readers of my columns and books, I'm consistently impressed with their wit, humor and insight. That goes for about 95 percent of the audience. The other five percent are why the 'Delete' option and restraining orders were invented.;Richard Roeper;humor
Mixing humor and politics is something that works.;Bryan Cranston;humor
People with no humor, they're outta my life.;Patti LaBelle;humor
My fam is just a regular family. But all of them have great senses of humor.;Dane Cook;humor
The rejection that we all take and the sadness and the aggravation and the loss of jobs and all of the things that we live through in our lives, without a sense of humor, I don't know how people make it.;Marlo Thomas;humor
I don't have a caustic sense of humor. What I find funny, that humor comes from a much gentler place.;Vera Farmiga;humor
I love poking fun at myself. I have a rather mean sense of humor.;Alton Brown;humor
I think a lot of humor is about distracting yourself. Pretend you're not trying to make it funny. Because for some reason the effort to be funny smells like sulphur in our culture.;Sloane Crosley;humor
It's funny. People often compare me to other humor essayists. They're usually quite nice comparisons I will accept those gladly. But I am always sort of appalled at the idea of being lumped with other, more chick-y female writers. And the truth is probably that neither comparison is accurate.;Sloane Crosley;humor
I think that sense of humor is important in marriage. A sense of humor gets people through marriage.;Kyle Chandler;humor
Sometimes a scene may be about one thing, and it may end up still being about that, but the emotionality of it comes from somewhere else, or the humor of it comes from somewhere else, and it gives it that real-life quality.;Kyle Chandler;humor
The darker the film, the more vital everyone's sense of humor is on set.;Eric Bana;humor
You know, I'm Australian, and we have got the worst sense of humor. We are cruel to each other.;Steve Irwin;humor
I have wit in my work and a sense of humor, but I do not use irony in any way.;John Zorn;humor
I find intelligence sexy. I find a sense of humor sexy. I find sensitivity sexy.;Nicole Appleton;humor
If I ever have sex with someone I might be able to develop a sense of humor.;Kate Beckinsale;humor
I realized women and humor were linked very closely.;Craig Ferguson;humor
Me and Matt love to argue, but in general our sense of humor is pretty much alike.;Trey Parker;humor
We are, in the comics, the last frontier of good, wholesome family humor and entertainment.;Bil Keane;humor
I just am a snob when it comes to humor.;Courteney Cox;humor
One of my favorite things about 'Star Trek' wasn't just the overt banter but the humor in that show about the relationships between the main characters and their reactions to the situations they would face there was a lot of comedy in that show without ever breaking its reality.;J. J. Abrams;humor
God has a most wicked sense of humor.;Maureen O'Hara;humor
There are two insults no human being will endure: that he has no sense of humor, and that he has never known trouble.;Sinclair Lewis;humor
I wore goofy hats to school and did musical theater. Most people thought I was a dork. But if you have a sense of humor about it, no one can bring you down.;Zac Efron;humor
Tony and I had a good on and off screen relationship, we are two very different people, but we did share a sense of humor, we now live in different parts of the world but when we find ourselves in the same place it is more or less as if there had been no years in between.;Roger Moore;humor
Cathy was the first widely syndicated humor strip created by a woman. The strip was pretty revolutionary at the time not only because it starred a female, but also because it was so emotionally honest about all the conflicting feelings many women had in 1976.;Cathy Guisewite;humor
There's always a source for humor.;Calvin Trillin;humor
If you're that hypersensitive about color and don't have a sense of humor, don't marry out of your race.;Laura Schlessinger;humor
The humor section is the last place an author wants to be. They put your stuff next to collections of Cathy cartoons.;David Sedaris;humor
When I look at a lot of older stuff that I've written, I think one sign of amateur humor writing is when you see people trying too hard.;David Sedaris;humor
The comics that are just conversing with you up there and drawing on their own life, yeah, I guess so. I guess some do political humor, some do topical humor, but the ones that I like, the ones that are appealing to me, were guys who were just talking to you about their life.;Ray Romano;humor
Both conservatives and liberals watch 'Parks and Recreation,' and they each think the show is for them, which is really cool. 'SNL' was totally different. It was exciting because everyone was paying attention. Political humor works when people know what you're talking about.;Amy Poehler;humor
A sense of humor is the ability to understand a joke - and that the joke is oneself.;Clifton Fadiman;humor
I believe that economists put decimal points in their forecasts to show they have a sense of humor.;William Gilmore Simms;humor
When you do find humor in trying times, one of the first and most important changes you experience is that you see your perplexing problems in a new way - you suddenly have a new perspective on them.;Allen Klein;humor
One of my pet peeves is that sometimes the talents of my band get overlooked because, and it was the same problem that Frank Zappa had, with a lot of groups that use humor, people don't realize there's a lot of craft behind the comedy.;Al Yankovic;humor
It's hard to force creativity and humor.;Al Yankovic;humor
In the 'Hurt Locker' there's a lot of me in there, a sense of humor, a man of few words and a lot of action.;Jeremy Renner;humor
My stories are very somber, so I think I need the comic ingredient. Besides, life has so much humor.;Manuel Puig;humor
I don't think humor is forced upon my universe it's a part of it.;Manuel Puig;humor
The comic is the perception of the opposite humor is the feeling of it.;Umberto Eco;humor
I wish I could be as thin as Jessica Simpson. I think she looks gorgeous! I have had Jessica on my show several times, and I can tell you that girl is genuine and funny with a great self-deprecating sense of humor.;Rachael Ray;humor
I think God has a tremendous sense of humor.;Rainn Wilson;humor
I like being a Baha'i who has an out-there sense of humor. God gives us talents and faculties, and making people laugh is one of mine.;Rainn Wilson;humor
I'm sure there are people who survive tragedy without humor, but I've never met any of them. Nor would I be particularly interested in writing about them if I did meet them.;Ayelet Waldman;humor
Men live by intervals of reason under the sovereignty of humor and passion.;Thomas Browne;humor
What's great about the geek spirit is that life never seems to stop us, and they never seem to kill our enthusiasm, our optimism and our hunger to experience the world. We keep our sense of humor, we protect our dignity, we talk to our friends about the experience and then we start again fresh the very next day.;Paul Feig;humor
Women's humor seems to be a little more supportive. It's just kind of trying to make the other one laugh through funny voices and kind of talking about other people. I respond to that. I feel less like I'm going to get beat up in a room full of women than I do in a room full of guys.;Paul Feig;humor
I want everything I do to have humor in it, because it seems to me that all of life has that.;Lawrence Kasdan;humor
Things can be funny only when we are in fun. When we're 'dead earnest,' humor is the only thing that is dead.;Flip Wilson;humor
I get asked, 'How can you have such failures in your films?' Well, what else is life about? There's some sense of constant failure in something. Humor gives you a distance from it.;Alexander Payne;humor
Humor can be an incredible, lacerating and effective weapon.;Carl Hiaasen;humor
My books are shelved in different places, depending on the bookstore. Sometimes they can be found in the Mystery section, sometimes in the Humor department, and occasionally even in the Literature aisle, which is somewhat astounding.;Carl Hiaasen;humor
Humor can be an incredible lacerating and effective weapon. And that is the way I use it.;Carl Hiaasen;humor
The first glass is for myself, the second for my friends, the third for good humor, and the forth for my enemies.;William Temple;humor
I don't think my sense of humor has changed at all I was born with this, for better or for worse.;Ivan Reitman;humor
I can't not find humor in elements of most parts of life, but at the same time nothing ever seems perpetually funny to me.;Greg Kinnear;humor
At the risk of appearing disingenuous, I don't really think of myself as 'writing humor.' I'm simply reporting on the world I observe, which is frequently hilarious.;Richard Russo;humor
I never worry about people not taking my work seriously as a result of the humor. In the end, the comic's best trick is the illusion that comedy is effortless. That people imagine what he's doing is easy is an occupational hazard.;Richard Russo;humor
Putting a little time aside for clean fun and good humor is very necessary to relieve the tensions of our time.;Hattie McDaniel;humor
Those years on the golf course as a caddie, boy, those people were something. They were vulgar, some were alcoholics, racist, they were very difficult people to deal with. A lot of them didn't have a sense of humor.;Martin Sheen;humor
You see, that's another thing that my parents gave me: an enormously great sense of humor.;Liza Minnelli;humor
People come up to me as I leave the stage after a performance and tell me tey saw my mother onstage with me every time I sing. I keep a sense of humor about it.;Lorna Luft;humor
I don't think I would describe my sense of humor. Doesn't sound like the kind of thing I'd do.;Tommy Lee Jones;humor
I think in life, the sense of humor and comedy always exists.;Mike Epps;humor
Stand-up comics reflect less of a visual humor and more of a commentary.;Shel Silverstein;humor
I can't not put humor in a book.;Albert Brooks;humor
As I get older, my sense of humor is my biggest asset.;David Alan Grier;humor
With Ricky Gervais, it's all shades of wrong, it's my kind of humor.;Emily Blunt;humor
I don't know how many sacred cows there are today. I think there's a little confusion between humor and gross passing for humor. That's kind of regrettable.;Bob Newhart;humor
I'll do humor about myself, I'll poke fun and everything, but that's me and I can do it to me. I think it's cruel to do it to somebody else.;Delta Burke;humor
I don't happen to have a sense of humor personally, so I don't know what's funny about a character... This happens to be a feature of my life generally.;Wallace Shawn;humor
With humor, it's so subjective that trying to think of what the ideal reader would think would drive you crazy.;Calvin Trillin;humor
People who know me know I have a sense of humor that can really push the envelope.;Carmen Electra;humor
Any film which views the darker side of life, which is death with a sense of humor, is very much to my taste.;Carter Burwell;humor
I love Sell Out, I think it's great. I love the jingles. The whole thing as an album is a wonderful piece of work. The cover. Everything about it. It's got humor, great songs, irony.;Roger Daltrey;humor
If golf wasn't enjoyable and there wasn't a lot of humor and enjoyment, even though the game is so frustrating, you would wonder why you put yourself through it.;Ray Romano;humor
Political correctness? In my humor, I never talk about politics. I was never much into all that.;Don Rickles;humor
Advertisers also know that humor can help bond us to their product.;Allen Klein;humor
Laughter, and the broader category of humor, are key elements in helping us go on with our life after a loss.;Allen Klein;humor
When we are dealing with death we are constantly being dragged down by the event: Humor diverts our attention and lifts our sagging spirits.;Allen Klein;humor
Whether planned or not, humor takes our mind off of our troubles.;Allen Klein;humor
Any attempts at humor immediately after September 11th were deemed tasteless.;Allen Klein;humor
Since the goal of my programs is to show audiences how humor can both help them heal as well as deal with not-so-funny stuff, I decided to discuss the events of the previous week, the pain all of us were feeling, and how humor and some laughter might be beneficial.;Allen Klein;humor
In looking for humor, keep in mind this guideline: Sometimes it takes a little time to see the humor in your upsets you may not find something to laugh about immediately.;Allen Klein;humor
Sometimes it takes ten seconds to see some humor in your dilemmas, sometimes ten years.;Allen Klein;humor
Throughout history, great leaders have known the power of humor.;Allen Klein;humor
Humor can be one of our best survival tools.;Allen Klein;humor
Today's business and health care climate may not be pleasant. Cutbacks, pay cuts and layoffs do not make anyone's job easy. But that does not mean that the humor need stop.;Allen Klein;humor
Humor can help you cope with the unbearable so that you can stay on the bright side of things until the bright side actually comes along.;Allen Klein;humor
When we can find some humor in our upsets, they no longer seem as large or as important as they once did.;Allen Klein;humor
Humor expands our limited picture frame and gets us to see more than just our problem.;Allen Klein;humor
