You learn that you either are going to have a police state where you don't have any freedom left, or you're going to build a world that doesn't create terrorists - and that means a whole different way of 'getting along.';John Shelby Spong;freedom
The people who are competing business-wise out there want what other successful labels and artists have. I don't want what they have I want my own path, my own sound, my own identity. Record labels care nothing about identity or artistic freedom, they want good business.;Joe Nichols;freedom
Just as the Security Council was largely irrelevant to the great struggle of the last half of the twentieth century - freedom against Communism - so too it is largely on the sidelines in our contemporary struggles against international terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.;John Bolton;freedom
I never abandoned either forms or freedom. I imagine that most of what could be called free verse is in my first book. I got through that fairly early.;Howard Nemerov;freedom
The nice thing about the Bible is it doesn't give you too many facts. Two an a half lines and it tells you the whole story and that leaves you a great deal of freedom to elaborate on how it might have happened.;Howard Nemerov;freedom
I feel like my work has been my path to freedom from having grown up in a segregated environment.;Anna Deavere Smith;freedom
The American idea is as promising, imaginative, and full of the unexpected as the land itself. The land represents freedom - the frontier, the ability to make a new future with your own bare hands.;Anna Deavere Smith;freedom
I loved climbing because of the freedom, and having time and space. I remember coming off Everest for the last time, thinking of Dad and wishing that he could have seen what I saw. He would have loved it.;Bear Grylls;freedom
You cannot mistake Bush's clarity of purpose. He believes in a story about freedom and opportunity that makes his followers feel like they aren't just ticking their days down but are part of something larger than themselves.;Eric Liu;freedom
I don't look so closely at women's fashion, but from the 20th century on, people have had the freedom to express themselves and their individualities, and fashion is one of the most fundamental ways in which they do this, men and women are equally able to express themselves.;Tadao Ando;freedom
The people of the Middle East share the desire for freedom. We have an opportunity - and an obligation - to help them turn this desire into reality.;Condoleezza Rice;freedom
The U.S. has since the end of World War II had an answer - we stand for free peoples and free markets, we are willing to support and defend them - we will sustain a balance of power that favors freedom.;Condoleezza Rice;freedom
We are expected to believe that anyone who objects to the Department of Homeland Security or the USA Patriot Act is a terrorist, and that the only way to preserve our freedom is to hand it over to the government for safekeeping.;L. Neil Smith;freedom
The freedom of each individual can only be the freedom of all.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;freedom
Only the freedom of mind can prevent the state from becoming totalitarian and from issuing totalitarian demands.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;freedom
It is for each of us freely to choose whom we shall serve, and find in that obedience our freedom.;Mary Richards;freedom
Every dictator is an enemy of freedom, an opponent of law.;Demosthenes;freedom
Thus, the struggle for peace includes the struggle for freedom and justice for the masses of all countries.;Arthur Henderson;freedom
They call them terrorists, I call them freedom fighters.;Louis Farrakhan;freedom
What does it mean to be an American? While each of us may have our own specific answer to that question, we likely can agree on the basic principles of America: freedom, equal opportunity, and rights accompanied by responsibilities.;Ben Nelson;freedom
Wealth is a tool of freedom, but the pursuit of wealth is the way to slavery.;Frank Herbert;freedom
Being big and famous doesn't get you more freedom, it gets you less.;Robert Wyatt;freedom
Your determination, selflessness and courage have brought the freedom struggle towards its fulfilment.;Gerry Adams;freedom
So keep fightin' for freedom and justice, beloveds, but don't you forget to have fun doin' it. Lord, let your laughter ring forth. Be outrageous, ridicule the fraidy-cats, rejoice in all the oddities that freedom can produce.;Molly Ivins;freedom
Freedom of religion is a principle that is central to our Nation's Declaration of Independence. Congress has taken this positive step to protect our freedom to express allegiance to America's flag and the ideals it represents.;Ron Lewis;freedom
I wish we would all remember that being American is not just about the freedom we have it is about those who gave it to us.;Mike Huckabee;freedom
If liberty has any meaning it means freedom to improve.;Philip Wylie;freedom
In America it's live by the sword of freedom of expression and be will to die by it as well.;Vince McMahon;freedom
That's free enterprise, friends: freedom to gamble, freedom to lose. And the great thing - the truly democratic thing about it - is that you don't even have to be a player to lose.;Barbara Ehrenreich;freedom
Native Americans are the original inhabitants of the land that now constitutes the United States. They have helped develop the fundamental principles of freedom of speech and separation of powers that form the foundation of the United States Government.;Joe Baca;freedom
It is crucial that members of Congress cast votes that are supportive of the values upon which our nation was founded: equality, freedom, and opportunity for all people.;Joe Baca;freedom
I've never let producers tell me what to do. Even when I was making television, I always did what I wanted to do, and if I couldn't, I didn't do it. It was a freedom that, these days, young directors starting out don't have.;Michael Haneke;freedom
For us, holding on to religious rules, and following them, and refraining from what's forbidden, and being diligent with our duties, what do we call that? That's what we call freedom.;Muqtada al Sadr;freedom
Private ownership of property is vital to both our freedom and our prosperity.;Cathy McMorris;freedom
Liberty, freedom and democracy are very fuzzy words, but human rights is very specific.;Joichi Ito;freedom
Freedom and responsibility aren't interconnected things. They are the same thing.;Harry Browne;freedom
The communitarians may say you've been enjoying too much individual freedom, and that you must give up some of that for the benefit of the community. But they really mean that they want more power over your life - to force you to subsidize, obey and conform to their choices.;Harry Browne;freedom
An open society is a society which allows its members the greatest possible degree of freedom in pursuing their interests compatible with the interests of others.;George Soros;freedom
My philosophy is, don't take no for an answer and be willing to sacrifice your entire project for freedom.;Tim Robbins;freedom
Is Walt turning over in his grave? A man named Joe Roth runs Disney right now-he gave me the go-ahead and total freedom to do whatever I wanted to do.;Tim Robbins;freedom
None of us had any idea of how successful Downton was going to be. I thought I was signing up for another period drama that had a slightly modern feel. It had a freedom about it because it was coming out of the head of Julian Fellowes. Anything could happen and generally did.;Dan Stevens;freedom
Every American deserves to live in freedom, to have his or her privacy respected and a chance to go as far as their ability and effort will take them - regardless of race, gender, ethnicity or economic circumstances.;Christopher Dodd;freedom
Responsibility and respect of others and their religious beliefs are also part of freedom.;Horst Koehler;freedom
If freedom's best friends cannot unify around a realistic, actionable program of fundamental change, one that attracts and persuades a broad majority of our fellow citizens, big change will not come.;Mitch Daniels;freedom
The Vietnamese people deeply love independence, freedom and peace. But in the face of United States aggression they have risen up, united as one man.;Ho Chi Minh;freedom
Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose.;Kris Kristofferson;freedom
Real freedom is creative, proactive, and will take me into new territories. I am not free if my freedom is predicated on reacting to my past.;Kenny Loggins;freedom
There is only one cure for the evils which newly acquired freedom produces, and that cure is freedom.;Thomas B. Macaulay;freedom
I do believe that freedom isn't free - but today the corporate and political right wing is trying to cheapen this truly American value. They've been cynically using the word 'freedom' to rally the American public against its own best interests.;Richard Trumka;freedom
I say let's go back to a truer use of the word 'freedom.' Let's start with President Franklin Roosevelt's Four Freedoms: freedom of speech and expression, freedom of worship, freedom from want and freedom from fear. I would add the freedom to bargain collectively. Those freedoms are under attack today.;Richard Trumka;freedom
People should have freedom in their pilgrimages and tours. They should come and visit historical monuments and sites - let's say the sites around Iran - where they can easily engage in wide- scale contacts with others.;Mahmoud Ahmadinejad;freedom
When we are unwilling to draw clear moral lines between free societies and fear societies, when we are unwilling to call the former good and the latter evil, we will not be able to advance the cause of peace because peace cannot be disconnected from freedom.;Natan Sharansky;freedom
That freedom that Picasso afforded himself, to be an artist in a huge number of ways, seems to be a huge psychological liberation.;Anish Kapoor;freedom
Woman must have her freedom, the fundamental freedom of choosing whether or not she will be a mother and how many children she will have. Regardless of what man's attitude may be, that problem is hers - and before it can be his, it is hers alone.;Margaret Sanger;freedom
The progress of freedom depends more upon the maintenance of peace, the spread of commerce, and the diffusion of education, than upon the labors of cabinets and foreign offices.;Richard Cobden;freedom
My parents came from Russia and suddenly they wound up in Boston, Massachusetts, Brookline, Massachusetts and they felt the sun rose and set on Franklin Delano Roosevelt's backside because he meant so much to them. This was freedom. This was something totally different from the Russia they had left.;Mike Wallace;freedom
Revolution! The people howls and cries, Freedom, that's what we're needing! We've needed it for centuries, our arteries are bleeding. The stage is shaking, the audience rock. The whole thing is over by nine o'clock.;Kurt Tucholsky;freedom
Any existence deprived of freedom is a kind of death.;Michel Aoun;freedom
New ideas should confront old ideas. We must refer to the example of Europe. People have fought to make Europe what it is today. Freedom is not something that is served up on a plate.;Tahar Ben Jelloun;freedom
The higher one climbs on the spiritual ladder, the more they will grant others their own freedom, and give less interference to another's state of consciousness.;Paul Twitchell;freedom
Humanism: an exaltation of freedom, but one limited by our need to exercise it as an integral part of nature and society.;John Ralston Saul;freedom
I definitely wanted to earn my freedom. But the primary motivation wasn't making money, but making an impact.;Sean Parker;freedom
At 6 years old, the ice became a place for me to express myself. Because I was so shy off the ice, it became my safe haven, with music and freedom and self-expression. That was my emotional outlet.;Kristi Yamaguchi;freedom
The abortion license has not brought freedom and security to women. Rather, it has ushered in a new era of irresponsibility toward women and children, one that now begins before birth.;Robert Casey;freedom
I suffered evils, but without allowing them to rob me of the freedom to expand.;Gordon Parks;freedom
But I do believe that a woman's truest place is in a home, with a husband and with children, and with large freedom, pecuniary freedom, personal freedom, and the right to vote.;Lucy Stone;freedom
Don't give me any money, don't give me any people, but give freedom, and I'll give you a movie that looks gigantic.;Robert Rodriguez;freedom
Widespread state control over art and culture has left no room for freedom of expression in the country. For more than 60 years, anyone with a dissenting opinion has been suppressed. Chinese art is merely a product: it avoids any meaningful engagement. There is no larger context. Its only purpose is to charm viewers with its ambiguity.;Ai Weiwei;freedom
China has not established the rule of law and if there is a power above the law there is no social justice. Everybody can be subjected to harm. I'm just a citizen: my life is equal in value to any other. But I'm thankful that when I lost my freedom so many people shared feelings and put such touching effort into helping me.;Ai Weiwei;freedom
The 'Bird's Nest' National Stadium, which I helped to conceive, is designed to embody the Olympic spirit of 'fair competition.' It tells people that freedom is possible but needs fairness, courage and strength.;Ai Weiwei;freedom
Strong, generous, and confident, she has nobly served mankind. Beware how you trifle with your marvellous inheritance, this great land of ordered liberty, for if we stumble and fall freedom and civilization everywhere will go down in ruin.;Henry Cabot Lodge;freedom
The freedom now desired by many is not freedom to do and dare but freedom from care and worry.;James Truslow Adams;freedom
Patrick Henry did not say, 'Give me absolutely safety or give me death.' America is supposed to be about freedom.;John Stossel;freedom
Now, then, in order to understand white supremacy we must dismiss the fallacious notion that white people can give anybody their freedom.;Stokely Carmichael;freedom
I spent a great deal of time with Che Guevara while I was in Havana. I believe he was far less a mercenary than he was a freedom fighter.;Maureen O'Hara;freedom
There's a hell of a lot of freedom in this rock and roll circus... it's where all the freaks go - it's the environment for me.;Brian Molko;freedom
My daughters, your daughters, our daughters deserve safety, protection, and the freedom to make their own choices about their personal lives and their physical selves.;Carre Otis;freedom
I mean there's enormous pressures to harmonize freedom of speech legislation and transparency legislation around the world - within the E.U., between China and the United States. Which way is it going to go? It's hard to see.;Julian Assange;freedom
But in the first Gulf war the United Kingdom was not under any threat from Iraq, and is still less so in the second one. Then there is no justification for obstructing freedom of information, particularly as nations have a right to know what their soldiers are being used for.;Kate Adie;freedom
It is hard to know how many people do, but given that the people are so docile towards the rulers, nowadays, very few Americans show the passion for freedom that our forefathers had.;James Bovard;freedom
The increased presence of Muslims in Italy and in Europe is directly proportional to our loss of freedom.;Oriana Fallaci;freedom
Freedom means the freedom to behave coarsely, basely, foolishly.;George Will;freedom
Government has the role of suiting people for freedom. People aren't made for freedom spontaneously. There's sort of a 19-year race between when people are born and when they become adults. And government has a role in making them, at the end of 19 years, suited to be upright, trustworthy repositories of popular sovereignty.;George Will;freedom
Freedom is an internal achievement rather than an external adjustment.;Powell Clayton;freedom
I started skydiving because I loved the idea of freedom.;Felix Baumgartner;freedom
We are all different. Yet we are all God's children. We are all united behind this country and the common cause of freedom, justice, fairness, and equality. That is what unites us.;Barbara Boxer;freedom
President Bush in his inaugural address talked about bringing freedom to countries that don't have it. He didn't specify how.;Barbara Boxer;freedom
To deny the freedom of the will is to make morality impossible.;James Anthony Froude;freedom
All Americans and freedom-loving people around the world owe President Reagan our deepest gratitude for his strong, principled leadership that ended the Cold War and brought freedom to millions of people.;Jim Ramstad;freedom
There's also a sense of freedom. I was so obsessed by this problem that I was thinking about if all the time - when I woke up in the morning, when I went to sleep at night, and that went on for eight years.;Andrew Wiles;freedom
One of the unsung freedoms that go with a free press is the freedom not to read it.;Ferdinand Mount;freedom
Value your freedom or you will lose it, teaches history. 'Don't bother us with politics', respond those who don't want to learn.;Richard Stallman;freedom
Free software is software that respects your freedom and the social solidarity of your community. So it's free as in freedom.;Richard Stallman;freedom
In the free/libre software movement, we develop software that respects users' freedom, so we and you can escape from software that doesn't.;Richard Stallman;freedom
If ebooks mean that readers' freedom must either increase or decrease, we must demand the increase.;Richard Stallman;freedom
With paper printed books, you have certain freedoms. You can acquire the book anonymously by paying cash, which is the way I always buy books. I never use a credit card. I don't identify to any database when I buy books. Amazon takes away that freedom.;Richard Stallman;freedom
When I launched the development of the GNU system, I explicitly said the purpose of developing this system is so we can use our computers and have freedom, thus if you use some other free system instead but you have freedom, then it's a success. It's not popularity for our code but it's success for our goal.;Richard Stallman;freedom
I believe dreams represent the purest form of fantasy we unleash through our subconscious. They represent the truest freedom we can experience. Totally unrepressed and totally creative.;Miguel Jontel Pimentel;freedom
I would say that the war correspondent gets more drinks, more girls, better pay, and greater freedom than the soldier, but at this stage of the game, having the freedom to choose his spot and being allowed to be a coward and not be executed for it is his torture.;Robert Capa;freedom
