Macroeconomic policy can never be devoid of politics: it involves fundamental trade-offs and affects different groups differently.;Joseph Stiglitz;politics
Hope springs eternal, even in politics.;Gwen Ifill;politics
When you look at our world, the truth is that we're all under the influence of politics.;Roland Joffe;politics
Even if we don't know it or aren't aware of it, politics and philosophy are really what make our up lives.;Roland Joffe;politics
Politics makes strange bedfellows.;Charles Dudley Warner;politics
I'm interested in current affairs and social policy as a whole, but I don't watch politics for sport.;Anna Chlumsky;politics
On the show, we are not trying to get people to eat their vegetables we are not trying to get people to become Democrats. We are basically trying to encourage people to get involved with public life so that politics isn't left to the wealthy and privileged.;Martin Sheen;politics
I'm no expert on American politics.;Bjorn Lomborg;politics
Robert Kennedy was such an inspiring figure. His interest in politics seemed to come not from a desire for power, but from a need to help our society live up to its ideals.;Elisabeth Shue;politics
In Washington, DC, politics dominate even the most casual conversations.;Armstrong Williams;politics
In politics, it seems, retreat is honorable if dictated by military considerations and shameful if even suggested for ethical reasons.;Mary McCarthy;politics
If we tried to write about politics, you'd realize that we're all a bunch of idiots.;Mark Hoppus;politics
I ask you: turn a deaf ear to the special interests. Let politics stand down for a while. don't waste anytime thinking about future elections until we've done our jobs here.;Bob Riley;politics
My political science degree is always on the back-burner. I took my LSAT, so even if I want to take the LSAT again, I know what I'm getting into. I'll keep it on the back-burner. Who knows, maybe with my popularity, I can have a career in politics with a law degree. I think it'll work out either way.;Vinny Guadagnino;politics
Every week I read about myself in a magazine, about something that I haven't done or some place that I've never been or don't even know. It's just gossip, rumors, egos, and politics.;Hilary Duff;politics
I was in the room with, you know, more than a dozen Republicans trying to negotiate the stimulus. Most of them decided the politics of the situation meant they should walk away, even if it wasn't responsible in terms of what our country needed right then.;Claire McCaskill;politics
Music shouldn't be based around money or politics. Music should be a bunch of people that really do great songs together doing them together for the pursuit of having a good time.;Jerry Only;politics
Inauthenticity is endemic in American politics today. The political backrooms where I spent much of my career were just as benighted as my personal life, equally crowded with shadowy strangers and compromises, truths I hoped to deny. I lived not in one closet but in many.;James McGreevey;politics
You never know what'll happen in politics.;Claire McCaskill;politics
I kept a steel wall around my moral and sexual instincts - protecting them, I thought, from the threats of the real world. This gave me a tremendous advantage in politics, if not in my soul. The true me, my spiritual core, slipped further and further from reach.;James McGreevey;politics
But being in the closet uniquely assisted me in politics. From my first run for the state legislature until my election as governor, all too often I was not leading but following my best guess at public opinion.;James McGreevey;politics
My mom is like this hard-core, liberal feminist. She's a professor in Boston, and she's been teaching women's studies for 30 years and international politics.;Eliza Dushku;politics
I think the rules are going to have to change for me to ever run for public office. My checkered past will always keep me out of politics.;Bruce Willis;politics
I'm not entirely sure what my end goal is, but I'd love to get involved in city politics and broadcast TV.;Holly Madison;politics
You know, I started my career in politics in 1967. I'm not new to this. I did not just fall off the Christmas tree. I understand the world is complex. I know that there are people out there who want to hurt other people.;Dennis Kucinich;politics
When you come from desperate poverty, and that's exactly what I come from, you know that nonsenses are not to be tolerated. I'm not sure who gains from chaos, but I know it's not the poor folks in the council flats. The politics of vindictiveness is never, ever anything like a solution.;Johnny Rotton;politics
Let me tell you, sisters, seeing dried egg on a plate in the morning is a lot dirtier than anything I've had to deal with in politics.;Ann Richards;politics
I just feel like I'm a very lucky person to have a new life outside of politics.;Ann Richards;politics
Since the governments are in the pockets of businesses, who's going to control this most powerful institution? Business is more powerful than politics, and it's more powerful than religion. So it's going to have to be the vigilante consumer.;Anita Roddick;politics
Divorced from ethics, leadership is reduced to management and politics to mere technique.;James MacGregor Burns;politics
The gays like 'Project Runway' because it's a fashion, and the gays are into fashion and into design. It's a creative industry, and most of the gays are pretty creative, in general. That's just like the culture. We're not all into politics necessarily. We're more into the creative environment. I also think Heidi is a big draw. The boys love Heidi and think she's so fabulous. I just think it's a glitzy, fun show, and there are also always lots of gay boys on it, and, you know, that's fun.;Christian Siriano;politics
I would say that no film is apolitical. There are politics in all films. Any film that is anchored in a society, any film that deals with humanity is necessarily political.;Abbas Kiarostami;politics
I was very aware of office politics because I was so baffled by them. So much so goes unsaid. No one says 'you're a cheeky so-and-so,' no one says 'you're so moody,' nobody ever confronts anyone else about anything. But I'm very crass, and I'm very confrontational, and I have a temper. I had to be hyper-vigilant in every office I worked in.;Denise Mina;politics
I always wanted to work at 'Take A Break' magazine, you know, just to inject a little bit of politics into their stories. I applied for a job there after I'd done my law degree and didn't even get an interview. I only wrote 'Garnethill' because I didn't get that job!;Denise Mina;politics
Be your own politics, grow your own garden, and maybe you can help out more.;Rip Torn;politics
We would not have our politics distracted and embittered by the dissensions of other lands.;Henry Cabot Lodge;politics
Acting is fun and I refuse to get involved in the semantics and the politics of strategy and breaking out of something or doing something because you need to do something else. For me it's all about what fuels my soul and if I'm passionate about a screenplay then that's what I'll do next.;Shailene Woodley;politics
Politics is politics art is art. If you play a political role, you have to stop being an artist.;Youssou N'Dour;politics
We can play politics, or we can reduce crime.;Bobby Scott;politics
In politics, sometimes you have to lie, or you make a promise that you cannot keep.;Youssou N'Dour;politics
Politics isn't about left versus right it's about top versus bottom.;Jim Hightower;politics
I was supposed to be women's lib, and now I'd exceeded it and gone over into international politics.;Kate Millett;politics
In politics, there are no friends.;Marian Wright Edelman;politics
We are naive and moralistic women. We are human beings who find politics a blight upon the human condition. And do not know how one copes with it except through politics.;Kate Millett;politics
Abortion politics have distracted all sides from what is really essential: a major aid campaign to improve midwifery, prenatal care and emergency obstetric services in poor countries.;Nicholas D. Kristof;politics
Imagine a civilisation that's way in advance of us wants to communicate with us, and assist us in our development. The information we provide to them must reflect our highest aspirations and ideals, and not just be some crazy person's bizarre politics or religion.;Paul Davies;politics
I never let my politics supersede my manners.;Darren Criss;politics
Politics, like theater, is one of those things where you've got to be wise enough to know when to leave.;Richard Lamm;politics
Lenin said that people vote with their feet. Well, that's what's happening. They either go, or they don't go. It's all politics. It's all demographics.;Warren Beatty;politics
I wanted the feel in these books to be like an epic fantasy, with kings, queens, dukes and court politics, but of course like what I was explaining before, about making the science make sense, you have to make the politics make sense, too.;Kevin J. Anderson;politics
If one of my boys was asking me if they should go into politics, I'd say there's only one reason to go into public life and that's to help people.;Evan Bayh;politics
My first meeting as a senator, my first day, they were already talking about the next election. Part of that's the permanent campaign, part of that's a word I've been using more frequently, 'tribal.' Our politics has become tribal: It's us versus them.;Evan Bayh;politics
I'm pleased to offer analysis of public policy and politics to the millions of Americans who get their news from Fox.;Evan Bayh;politics
Well, a lot of politics is communicating with people, and obviously comedy has something to do with that. I've been a producer and led people. Also, being a comedian, you're under pressure.;Al Franken;politics
I think to be in politics you have to have the taste for blood on that.;Moira Kelly;politics
The next thing I am doing is moving back home to Minnesota and getting involved in politics. I'm looking at a run for Senate in 2008, but in the meantime I am focused on knitting together the progressive network in the upper Midwest.;Al Franken;politics
The sheep-people don't think for themselves anymore. You can say anything and it's the gospel truth and they don't have to go research it or anything, and they believe everything the news tells them. People don't go and do their own investigations if it's relationships or politics or anything.;Big Boi;politics
The legions of reporters who cover politics don't want to quit the clash and thunder of electoral combat for the dry duty of analyzing the federal budget. As a consequence, we have created the perpetual presidential campaign.;Hugh Sidey;politics
Politics aside, it will be hard for any new liberal radio network to outdo the professionalism of NPR.;Paul Weyrich;politics
It is important to recognize and politics positive thinking is often the slaves' virtue - something that people do to con themselves about the burden and change being placed upon them.;James Bovard;politics
As a politician who cherishes religious conviction in his personal sphere, but regards politics as a domain belonging outside religion, I believe that this view is seriously flawed.;Recep Tayyip Erdogan;politics
Every artistic expression is either influenced by or adds something to politics.;Dario Fo;politics
I was raised to speak out about politics and the world around me. I would do it whether I was in the public or not. It is the way I was taught. The American way.;Judy Collins;politics
All politics is local.;Thomas P. O'Neill;politics
I think that what I'm doing is right. And election-year politics, which intensifies everything, is not going to drive me off that course.;Eric Holder;politics
By asking the question 'Am I happy?,' and via the answer setting out what I mean by happiness, there is a political route that can be taken, by asking another question - 'Can politics deliver happiness, and should it try?';Alastair Campbell;politics
So here is one of my theories on happiness: we cannot know if we have lived a truly happy life until the very end. This view of life and death was reinforced by my close witnessing of the buildup to the death of Philip Gould. Philip was without doubt my closest friend in politics. When he died, I felt like I had lost a limb.;Alastair Campbell;politics
There has been a shift to what may be defined as a culture of negativity which goes well beyond coverage of politics.;Alastair Campbell;politics
I've done business with people I've met in politics, who I went to law school with, who I grew up with. Who do you do business with? People you meet in life.;Terry McAuliffe;politics
As I've gotten older, I've gotten more liberal, and my father is increasingly conservative. It's so shocking to me because I always thought we had the same politics. The day I realized we voted for different presidents, I practically fell out of my chair.;Lauren Graham;politics
You help me, I'll help you. That's politics.;Terry McAuliffe;politics
As a society, I think we express our cultural mores through our politics. We're trying constantly to figure out what's OK and what's not OK. And it's hard, because our society is constantly buffeted by gale force winds of technology. Things are always changing.;Daniel H. Wilson;politics
People like to do politics with me, and they like to do business.;Terry McAuliffe;politics
We talked about politics constantly in my family growing up in North Carolina. There were always debates. Being of Greek background, it's in our blood to drink coffee and talk politics.;Zach Galifianakis;politics
Anyone in politics would like to have great economic numbers.;Terry McAuliffe;politics
Whether you are on the Right or the Left, everyone can agree that there are a lot of outside influences in American politics that are not good for the system. There's just too much money.;Zach Galifianakis;politics
About 25 years ago, I started out as a reporter covering politics. And that sort of just evolved into organized crime, because organized crime and politics were the same thing in Boston.;Howie Carr;politics
But look, you did not have to be well versed in politics to know that some stupid things were going on. It is the counsel's job to stop them, and instead the coverup was created.;Fred F. Fielding;politics
I'm not really one of those people who believes that if you're a musician you can just leave that behind and start getting into politics.;Damon Albarn;politics
A purely objective viewpoint does not exist in the cosmos or in politics.;Howard Fineman;politics
When you're young, with less on the line, it's easier to be audacious, to experiment. So I introduced the concerns of my generation - politics, sex, drugs, rock-and-roll, etc. - to the comics page, which for many years caused a rolling furor.;Garry Trudeau;politics
In my right-wing politics of the time, I held that unemployment was usually the fault of the unemployed.;Luke Ford;politics
I did not resign from politics because of Bofors. I resigned because I do not know how to play petty politics. I did not know back then and I don't know now either.;Amitabh Bachchan;politics
Broadway is such a diverse community. Everybody knows how I believe, and everyone believes, and it's not a big deal. But in Hollywood, if you talk about politics - especially if you're a Republican - or spirituality, it's just not something people want to hear about.;Kristin Chenoweth;politics
I just worry a lot. I'm a worrier. Michelle and Barack are really dear to me. I mean, I love them. And I don't want to see them get hurt. Just the nature of politics is hurtful. So every time they are hurt, I get hurt. It's a lot to ask of people, and it's a lot to see your friends go through. It's hard not to get emotional.;Valerie Jarrett;politics
I was totally absorbed in the real world, the politics, the history, the news, and I just couldn't find my way into the fictional world... When I finally could return to writing the novel, it was in fits and starts.;David Guterson;politics
I don't want to be a politician. I don't like politics. It's petty it fights dirty.;John Mellencamp;politics
I like politics. I like traveling in the United States.;Laura Bush;politics
Politics is a people business. I like people.;Laura Bush;politics
I mean, the part you don't like, I mean, that's the only part. That's the part no one likes, and that is the criticisms, and the unfair criticisms, I might add, of my husband. But that's also just a fact of life in politics.;Laura Bush;politics
The argument of the broken window pane is the most valuable argument in modern politics.;Emmeline Pankhurst;politics
So my degree was in political science, which I think was - the closest I could come to marketing is politics.;Steve Case;politics
American influence in the world is certainly considerable, but the United States does not control, directly or indirectly, the politics and economics of other societies, as empires have always done, save for a few special cases that turn out to be the exceptions that prove the rule.;Michael Mandelbaum;politics
We don't tend to write about disease in fiction - not just teen novels but all American novels - because it doesn't fit in with our idea of the heroic romantic epic. There is room only for sacrifice, heroism, war, politics and family struggle.;John Green;politics
The thing about American politics, as I've learned, is there is no choice.;Rob Walton;politics
Conscience has no more to do with gallantry than it has with politics.;Richard Brinsley Sheridan;politics
On the other side, I do believe that the rhetoric we are seeing from the Democrats today is unprecedented, is a new low in presidential politics and goes beyond political discourse and amounts to political hate speech.;Ed Gillespie;politics
I mean that I think I find the psychology of people more interesting than politics. I think the psychology of politics is more interesting than straight politics.;Joan Cusack;politics
People like passion in politics.;Ed Gillespie;politics
