Live one day at a time emphasizing ethics rather than rules.;Wayne Dyer;time
I think what drove me insane for a long time is feeling like I hadn't earned most of what I achieved because it came so fast.;Charlie Sheen;time
I guess the real reason that my wife and I had children is the same reason that Napoleon had for invading Russia: it seemed like a good idea at the time.;Bill Cosby;time
Acting is a nice childish profession - pretending you're someone else and, at the same time, selling yourself.;Katharine Hepburn;time
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.;Auguste Rodin;time
Any time you got nothing to do - and lots of time to do it - come on up.;Mae West;time
There is no room for second place. There is only one place in my game and that is first place. I have finished second twice in my time at Green Bay and I never want to finish second again.;Vince Lombardi;time
I remember the first time I had sex - I kept the receipt.;Groucho Marx;time
We have time, there's no big rush.;Jimi Hendrix;time
The next time some academics tell you how important diversity is, ask how many Republicans there are in their sociology department.;Thomas Sowell;time
If you're doing your best, you won't have any time to worry about failure.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;time
To insure the adoration of a theorem for any length of time, faith is not enough, a police force is needed as well.;Albert Camus;time
The time to save is now. When a dog gets a bone, he doesn't go out and make a down payment on a bigger bone. He buries the one he's got.;Will Rogers;time
If there is not the war, you don't get the great general if there is not a great occasion, you don't get a great statesman if Lincoln had lived in a time of peace, no one would have known his name.;Theodore Roosevelt;time
I was trying to do too many things at the same time, which is my nature. But I was enjoying it, and I still do enjoy it.;Jimi Hendrix;time
The senses deceive from time to time, and it is prudent never to trust wholly those who have deceived us even once.;Rene Descartes;time
The first thing which I can record concerning myself is, that I was born. These are wonderful words. This life, to which neither time nor eternity can bring diminution - this everlasting living soul, began. My mind loses itself in these depths.;Groucho Marx;time
The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough.;Rabindranath Tagore;time
Healing is a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity.;Hippocrates;time
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save.;Will Rogers;time
Complainers change their complaints, but they never reduce the amount of time spent in complaining.;Mason Cooley;time
The time you spend alone with God will transform your character and increase your devotion. Then your integrity and godly behavior in an unbelieving world will make others long to know the Lord.;Charles Stanley;time
Do not say, 'It is morning,' and dismiss it with a name of yesterday. See it for the first time as a newborn child that has no name.;Rabindranath Tagore;time
His talent was as natural as the pattern that was made by the dust on a butterfly's wings. At one time he understood it no more than the butterfly did and he did not know when it was brushed or marred.;Ernest Hemingway;time
I made a mistake by being ejected from the presidency. Next time, I will choose a Cabinet which will allow me to be life President.;Nelson Mandela;time
I really wanted to retire and rest and spend more time with my children, my grandchildren and of course with my wife.;Nelson Mandela;time
I take a very practical view of raising children. I put a sign in each of their rooms: 'Checkout Time is 18 years.';Erma Bombeck;time
You cannot run away from weakness you must some time fight it out or perish and if that be so, why not now, and where you stand?;Robert Louis Stevenson;time
We are so obsessed with doing that we have no time and no imagination left for being. As a result, men are valued not for what they are but for what they do or what they have - for their usefulness.;Thomas Merton;time
Time is a sort of river of passing events, and strong is its current no sooner is a thing brought to sight than it is swept by and another takes its place, and this too will be swept away.;Marcus Aurelius;time
Many people take no care of their money till they come nearly to the end of it, and others do just the same with their time.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;time
The future rewards those who press on. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I'm going to press on.;Barack Obama;time
You hear a lot about God these days: God, the beneficent God, the all-great God, the Almighty God, the most powerful God, the giver of life God, the creator of death. I mean, we're hearing about God all the time, so we better learn how to deal with it. But if we know anything about God, God is arbitrary.;Bob Dylan;time
I feel very deeply about the need to respect and tolerate people of different social - or sexual orientation. But at the same time, I believe marriage should be preserved as an institution for one man and one woman.;Mitt Romney;time
If you have time to whine and complain about something then you have the time to do something about it.;Anthony J. D'Angelo;time
The only time I ever enjoyed ironing was the day I accidentally got gin in the steam iron.;Phyllis Diller;time
Next time I see you, remind me not to talk to you.;Groucho Marx;time
I cannot understand how the education of this United States of America has been fooled time and time again. Either make it separate but equal or integrate, therefore it will be equal. And it has been separate and unequal.;Bill Cosby;time
Before I went to jail, I was active in politics as a member of South Africa's leading organization - and I was generally busy from 7 A.M. until midnight. I never had time to sit and think.;Nelson Mandela;time
I stopped loving my father a long time ago. What remained was the slavery to a pattern.;Anais Nin;time
The first time that I performed as an actor was the first day on the set of 'The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.';Will Smith;time
In this business, by the time you realize you're in trouble, it's too late to save yourself. Unless you're running scared all the time, you're gone.;Bill Gates;time
I believe in using words, not fists. I believe in my outrage knowing people are living in boxes on the street. I believe in honesty. I believe in a good time. I believe in good food. I believe in sex.;Bertrand Russell;time
All my life I've looked at words as though I were seeing them for the first time.;Ernest Hemingway;time
No man ever achieved worth-while success who did not, at one time or other, find himself with at least one foot hanging well over the brink of failure.;Napoleon Hill;time
With patient and firm determination, I am going to press on for jobs. I'm going to press on for equality. I'm going to press on for the sake of our children. I'm going to press on for the sake of all those families who are struggling right now. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I am going to press on.;Barack Obama;time
As long as we are persistence in our pursuit of our deepest destiny, we will continue to grow. We cannot choose the day or time when we will fully bloom. It happens in its own time.;Denis Waitley;time
No man goes before his time - unless the boss leaves early.;Groucho Marx;time
I didn't really want to live, so anything that was an investment in time made me angry... but also I just felt sad. When the hopelessness is hurting you, it's the fixtures and fittings that finish you off.;Angelina Jolie;time
To help a friend in need is easy, but to give him your time is not always opportune.;Charlie Chaplin;time
For a long time I tried to manage an honesty and openness about my personal life because I'm human and I'm normal - well, semi-normal.;Johnny Depp;time
Only the guy who isn't rowing has time to rock the boat.;Jean-Paul Sartre;time
Really big people are, above everything else, courteous, considerate and generous - not just to some people in some circumstances - but to everyone all the time.;Thomas J. Watson;time
For death is no more than a turning of us over from time to eternity.;William Penn;time
My father probably thought the capital of the world was wherever he was at the time. It couldn't possibly be anyplace else. Where he and his wife were in their own home, that, for them, was the capital of the world.;Bob Dylan;time
The next time you have a thought... let it go.;Ron White;time
Every cliche about kids is true they grow up so quickly, you blink and they're gone, and you have to spend the time with them now. But that's a joy.;Liam Neeson;time
We cast away priceless time in dreams, born of imagination, fed upon illusion, and put to death by reality.;Judy Garland;time
No matter how busy you are, you must take time to make the other person feel important.;Mary Kay Ash;time
Every time I go and shave, I assume there's someone else on the planet shaving. So I say, 'I'm gonna go shave, too.';Mitch Hedberg;time
When a place gets crowded enough to require ID's, social collapse is not far away. It is time to go elsewhere. The best thing about space travel is that it made it possible to go elsewhere.;Robert A. Heinlein;time
A wise man will make haste to forgive, because he knows the true value of time, and will not suffer it to pass away in unnecessary pain.;Samuel Johnson;time
For a long time now I have tried simply to write the best I can. Sometimes I have good luck and write better than I can.;Ernest Hemingway;time
Civilization began the first time an angry person cast a word instead of a rock.;Sigmund Freud;time
Time and money spent in helping men to do more for themselves is far better than mere giving.;Henry Ford;time
Live as if you were living a second time, and as though you had acted wrongly the first time.;Viktor E. Frankl;time
Part of the reason that our politics seems so tough right now and facts and science and argument does not seem to be winning the day all the time is because we're hardwired not to always think clearly when we're scared. And the country's scared.;Barack Obama;time
Equality, rightly understood as our founding fathers understood it, leads to liberty and to the emancipation of creative differences wrongly understood, as it has been so tragically in our time, it leads first to conformity and then to despotism.;Barry Goldwater;time
There was a time in my life when I thought I had everything - millions of dollars, mansions, cars, nice clothes, beautiful women, and every other materialistic thing you can imagine. Now I struggle for peace.;Richard Pryor;time
In America everybody is of the opinion that he has no social superiors, since all men are equal, but he does not admit that he has no social inferiors, for, from the time of Jefferson onward, the doctrine that all men are equal applies only upwards, not downwards.;Bertrand Russell;time
We've protected thousands of people in Libya we have not seen a single U.S. casualty there's no risks of additional escalation. This operation is limited in time and in scope.;Barack Obama;time
We always live in an uncertain world. What is certain is that the United States will go forward over time.;Warren Buffett;time
We need to internalize this idea of excellence. Not many folks spend a lot of time trying to be excellent.;Barack Obama;time
It has been my observation that most people get ahead during the time that others waste.;Henry Ford;time
Immorality: the morality of those who are having a better time.;H. L. Mencken;time
For the first time in my adult lifetime, I am really proud of my country. And not just because Barack has done well, but because I think people are hungry for change. And I have been desperate to see our country moving in that direction.;Michelle Obama;time
Then not only an old man, but also a drunkard, becomes a second time a child.;Plato;time
The nose of a mob is its imagination. By this, at any time, it can be quietly led.;Edgar Allan Poe;time
If only we'd stop trying to be happy we'd have a pretty good time.;Edith Wharton;time
In Hollywood you can see things at night that are fast enough to be in the Olympics in the day time.;Will Rogers;time
Rest is not idleness, and to lie sometimes on the grass under trees on a summer's day, listening to the murmur of the water, or watching the clouds float across the sky, is by no means a waste of time.;John Lubbock;time
Y'know, you can't please all the people all the time... and last night, all those people were at my show.;Mitch Hedberg;time
Ezra was right half the time, and when he was wrong, he was so wrong you were never in any doubt about it.;Ernest Hemingway;time
Women in particular need to keep an eye on their physical and mental health, because if we're scurrying to and from appointments and errands, we don't have a lot of time to take care of ourselves. We need to do a better job of putting ourselves higher on our own 'to do' list.;Michelle Obama;time
There's as much crookedness as you want to find. There was something Abraham Lincoln said - he'd rather trust and be disappointed than distrust and be miserable all the time. Maybe I trusted too much.;John Wooden;time
For time is the longest distance between two places.;Tennessee Williams;time
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.;Andy Warhol;time
I can only note that the past is beautiful because one never realises an emotion at the time. It expands later, and thus we don't have complete emotions about the present, only about the past.;Virginia Woolf;time
If you set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing.;Margaret Thatcher;time
A dying man needs to die, as a sleepy man needs to sleep, and there comes a time when it is wrong, as well as useless, to resist.;Stewart Alsop;time
You can never control who you fall in love with, even when you're in the most sad, confused time of your life. You don't fall in love with people because they're fun. It just happens.;Kirsten Dunst;time
Dependency is death to initiative, to risk-taking and opportunity. It's time to stop the spread of government dependency and fight it like the poison it is.;Mitt Romney;time
Freedom isn't free. It shouldn't be a bragging point that 'Oh, I don't get involved in politics,' as if that makes someone cleaner. No, that makes you derelict of duty in a republic. Liars and panderers in government would have a much harder time of it if so many people didn't insist on their right to remain ignorant and blindly agreeable.;Bill Maher;time
My view is that marriage is a relationship between a man and a woman. That's the position I've had for some time, and I don't intend to make any adjustments at this point... Or ever, by the way.;Mitt Romney;time
What I think is fair to say is that, coming out of the Republican camp, there have been efforts to suggest that perhaps I'm not who I say I am when it comes to my faith - something which I find deeply offensive, and that has been going on for a pretty long time.;Barack Obama;time
Each party steals so many articles of faith from the other, and the candidates spend so much time making each other's speeches, that by the time election day is past there is nothing much to do save turn the sitting rascals out and let a new gang in.;H. L. Mencken;time
Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted.;Denis Waitley;time
Fashion is always of the time in which you live. It is not something standing alone. But the grand problem, the most important problem, is to rejeuvenate women. To make women look young. Then their outlook changes. They feel more joyous.;Coco Chanel;time
How can you think and hit at the same time?;Yogi Berra;time
