Show me a guy who's afraid to look bad, and I'll show you a guy you can beat every time.;Lou Brock;fear
No good work is ever done while the heart is hot and anxious and fretted.;Olive Schreiner;fear
We consume our tomorrows fretting about our yesterdays.;Aulus Persius Flaccus;fear
I think what weakens people most is fear of wasting their strength.;Etty Hillesum;fear
If you let your fear of consequence prevent you from following your deepest instinct, your life will be safe, expedient and thin.;Katharine Butler Hathaway;fear
I am convinced that it is not the fear of death, of our lives ending that haunts our sleep so much as the fear... that as far as the world is concerned, we might as well never have lived.;Harold Kushner;fear
When we are afraid we ought not to occupy ourselves with endeavoring to prove that there is no danger, but in strengthening ourselves to go on in spite of the danger.;Hale White;fear
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.;Bill Cosby;fear
We gain strength, and courage, and confidence by each experience in which we really stop to look fear in the face... we must do that which we think we cannot.;Eleanor Roosevelt;fear
When the people fear the government, there is tyranny. When the government fears the people, there is liberty.;Thomas Jefferson;fear
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.';Eleanor Roosevelt;fear
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.;Nelson Mandela;fear
Time is too slow for those who wait, too swift for those who fear, too long for those who grieve, too short for those who rejoice, but for those who love, time is eternity.;Henry Van Dyke;fear
Expose yourself to your deepest fear after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free.;Jim Morrison;fear
The whole secret of existence is to have no fear. Never fear what will become of you, depend on no one. Only the moment you reject all help are you freed.;Buddha;fear
If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed.;Albert Einstein;fear
I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times.;Bruce Lee;fear
People fear death even more than pain. It's strange that they fear death. Life hurts a lot more than death. At the point of death, the pain is over. Yeah, I guess it is a friend.;Jim Morrison;fear
We must build dikes of courage to hold back the flood of fear.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;fear
The fear of death is the most unjustified of all fears, for there's no risk of accident for someone who's dead.;Albert Einstein;fear
Faith activates God - Fear activates the Enemy.;Joel Osteen;fear
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.;Mark Twain;fear
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.;Mark Twain;fear
It was the experience of mystery - even if mixed with fear - that engendered religion.;Albert Einstein;fear
When one has the feeling of dislike for evil, when one feels tranquil, one finds pleasure in listening to good teachings when one has these feelings and appreciates them, one is free of fear.;Buddha;fear
Question with boldness even the existence of a God because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear.;Thomas Jefferson;fear
Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything - all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure - these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important.;Steve Jobs;fear
Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out.;Benjamin Franklin;fear
All religion, my friend, is simply evolved out of fraud, fear, greed, imagination, and poetry.;Edgar Allan Poe;fear
Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain.;Mark Twain;fear
Action and reaction, ebb and flow, trial and error, change - this is the rhythm of living. Out of our over-confidence, fear out of our fear, clearer vision, fresh hope. And out of hope, progress.;Bruce Barton;fear
We are afraid to care too much, for fear that the other person does not care at all.;Eleanor Roosevelt;fear
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our Light, not our Darkness, that most frightens us.;Marianne Williamson;fear
Power is of two kinds. One is obtained by the fear of punishment and the other by acts of love. Power based on love is a thousand times more effective and permanent then the one derived from fear of punishment.;Mahatma Gandhi;fear
If fear is cultivated it will become stronger, if faith is cultivated it will achieve mastery.;John Paul Jones;fear
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.;Dale Carnegie;fear
March on. Do not tarry. To go forward is to move toward perfection. March on, and fear not the thorns, or the sharp stones on life's path.;Khalil Gibran;fear
Fix reason firmly in her seat, and call to her tribunal every fact, every opinion. Question with boldness even the existence of a God because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blindfolded fear.;Thomas Jefferson;fear
Don't let the fear of striking out hold you back.;Babe Ruth;fear
Action is a great restorer and builder of confidence. Inaction is not only the result, but the cause, of fear. Perhaps the action you take will be successful perhaps different action or adjustments will have to follow. But any action is better than no action at all.;Norman Vincent Peale;fear
If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?;Confucius;fear
No one ever told me that grief felt so like fear.;C. S. Lewis;fear
I have no fear that the result of our experiment will be that men may be trusted to govern themselves without a master.;Thomas Jefferson;fear
I believe that anyone can conquer fear by doing the things he fears to do, provided he keeps doing them until he gets a record of successful experience behind him.;Eleanor Roosevelt;fear
I don't have no fear of death. My only fear is coming back reincarnated.;Tupac Shakur;fear
If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles.;Sun Tzu;fear
The reserve of modern assertions is sometimes pushed to extremes, in which the fear of being contradicted leads the writer to strip himself of almost all sense and meaning.;Winston Churchill;fear
Battle is the most magnificent competition in which a human being can indulge. It brings out all that is best it removes all that is base. All men are afraid in battle. The coward is the one who lets his fear overcome his sense of duty. Duty is the essence of manhood.;George S. Patton;fear
Advance, and never halt, for advancing is perfection. Advance and do not fear the thorns in the path, for they draw only corrupt blood.;Khalil Gibran;fear
There is not a truth existing which I fear... or would wish unknown to the whole world.;Thomas Jefferson;fear
Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.;Dale Carnegie;fear
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.;Marie Curie;fear
My only fear is that I may live too long. This would be a subject of dread to me.;Thomas Jefferson;fear
In time we hate that which we often fear.;William Shakespeare;fear
Love will find a way through paths where wolves fear to prey.;Lord Byron;fear
Things done well and with a care, exempt themselves from fear.;William Shakespeare;fear
Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself. And no heart has ever suffered when it goes in search of its dream.;Paulo Coelho;fear
Have no fear of moving into the unknown. Simply step out fearlessly knowing that I am with you, therefore no harm can befall you all is very, very well. Do this in complete faith and confidence.;Pope John Paul II;fear
Fear has its use but cowardice has none.;Mahatma Gandhi;fear
Fear of death makes us devoid both of valour and religion. For want of valour is want of religious faith.;Mahatma Gandhi;fear
Only he can take great resolves who has indomitable faith in God and has fear of God.;Mahatma Gandhi;fear
He who is overly attached to his family members experiences fear and sorrow, for the root of all grief is attachment. Thus one should discard attachment to be happy.;Chanakya;fear
He who is not everyday conquering some fear has not learned the secret of life.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;fear
Let us never negotiate out of fear. But let us never fear to negotiate.;John F. Kennedy;fear
Fear is pain arising from the anticipation of evil.;Aristotle;fear
Fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;fear
When I hear music, I fear no danger. I am invulnerable. I see no foe. I am related to the earliest times, and to the latest.;Henry David Thoreau;fear
Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it.;Salvador Dali;fear
When your time comes to die, be not like those whose hearts are filled with fear of death, so that when their time comes they weep and pray for a little more time to live their lives over again in a different way. Sing your death song, and die like a hero going home.;Tecumseh;fear
I have gained this from philosophy: that I do without being commanded what others do only from fear of the law.;Aristotle;fear
Do the thing we fear, and death of fear is certain.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;fear
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live.;Marcus Aurelius;fear
Fear is the mother of morality.;Friedrich Nietzsche;fear
Courage is a mean with regard to fear and confidence.;Aristotle;fear
Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear.;Albert Camus;fear
Limits, like fear, is often an illusion.;Michael Jordan;fear
The appeal of cinema lies in the fear of death.;Jim Morrison;fear
The generality of men are naturally apt to be swayed by fear rather than reverence, and to refrain from evil rather because of the punishment that it brings than because of its own foulness.;Aristotle;fear
Men are swayed more by fear than by reverence.;Aristotle;fear
When even one American - who has done nothing wrong - is forced by fear to shut his mind and close his mouth - then all Americans are in peril.;Harry S. Truman;fear
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.;Bertrand Russell;fear
Simulated disorder postulates perfect discipline simulated fear postulates courage simulated weakness postulates strength.;Lao Tzu;fear
Having a child, that's always been my biggest fear. I want a child and I fear a child.;Marilyn Monroe;fear
Fear is stupid. So are regrets.;Marilyn Monroe;fear
People living deeply have no fear of death.;Anais Nin;fear
So much of what is best in us is bound up in our love of family, that it remains the measure of our stability because it measures our sense of loyalty. All other pacts of love or fear derive from it and are modeled upon it.;Haniel Long;fear
This world of ours... must avoid becoming a community of dreadful fear and hate, and be, instead, a proud confederation of mutual trust and respect.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;fear
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;fear
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;fear
I never dared to be radical when young for fear it would make me conservative when old.;Robert Frost;fear
The time to take counsel of your fears is before you make an important battle decision. That's the time to listen to every fear you can imagine! When you have collected all the facts and fears and made your decision, turn off all your fears and go ahead!;George S. Patton;fear
As soon as the fear approaches near, attack and destroy it.;Chanakya;fear
The components of anxiety, stress, fear, and anger do not exist independently of you in the world. They simply do not exist in the physical world, even though we talk about them as if they do.;Wayne Dyer;fear
The world we see that seems so insane is the result of a belief system that is not working. To perceive the world differently, we must be willing to change our belief system, let the past slip away, expand our sense of now, and dissolve the fear in our minds.;William James;fear
Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within.;James A. Baldwin;fear
Where there is reverence there is fear, but there is not reverence everywhere that there is fear, because fear presumably has a wider extension than reverence.;Socrates;fear
You are going to let the fear of poverty govern you life and your reward will be that you will eat, but you will not live.;George Bernard Shaw;fear
On every front there are clear answers out there that can make this country stronger, but we're going to break through the fear and the frustration people are feeling. Our job is to make sure that even as we make progress, that we are also giving people a sense of hope and vision for the future.;Barack Obama;fear
I believe that every single event in life happens in an opportunity to choose love over fear.;Oprah Winfrey;fear
