The downfall of the industry seems to actually be good for art. I think the industry will find their way once the focus shifts from its greed-based origins, downsizes, and begins to support creative visions that speak to our times and shifting ideals.;Saul Williams;art
The art of healing comes from nature, not from the physician. Therefore the physician must start from nature, with an open mind.;Paracelsus;art
The new job of art is to sit on the wall and get more expensive.;Robert Hughes;art
I am not a great cook, I am not a great artist, but I love art, and I love food, so I am the perfect traveller.;Michael Palin;art
Art must take reality by surprise.;Francoise Sagan;art
What you have now is a Hollywood that is pure poison. Hollywood was a central place in the history of art in the 20th century: it was human idealism preserved. And then, like any great place, it collapsed, and it collapsed into the most awful machinery in the world.;Emir Kusturica;art
I have a small house so I borrow everything except art, that's what I love.;Salma Hayek;art
I think people should be given a test much like driver's tests as to whether they're capable of being parents! It's an art form. I talk a lot. And I think a lot. And I draw a lot. But never in a million years would I have been a parent. That's just work that's too hard.;Maurice Sendak;art
I owe much to mother. She had an expert's understanding, but also approached art emotionally.;David Rockefeller;art
For me, pointing and clicking my phone is absolutely fine. People say that isn't the art of photography but I don't agree.;Annie Lennox;art
Art is the concrete representation of our most subtle feelings.;Agnes Martin;art
Wisdom is nothing but a preparation of the soul, a capacity, a secret art of thinking, feeling and breathing thoughts of unity at every moment of life.;Herman Hesse;art
For as long as I can remember I have suffered from a deep feeling of anxiety which I have tried to express in my art.;Edvard Munch;art
If you cannot learn to love real art at least learn to hate sham art.;William Morris;art
The greater the decrease in the social significance of an art form, the sharper the distinction between criticism and enjoyment by the public. The conventional is uncritically enjoyed, and the truly new is criticized with aversion.;Walter Benjamin;art
Literature flourishes best when it is half a trade and half an art.;William Ralph Inge;art
Fashion often starts off beautiful and becomes ugly, whereas art starts off ugly sometimes and becomes beautiful.;David Bailey;art
The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out.;Walter Benjamin;art
Art evokes the mystery without which the world would not exist.;Rene Magritte;art
What matters poverty? What matters anything to him who is enamoured of our art? Does he not carry in himself every joy and every beauty?;Sarah Bernhardt;art
Film is a very young art that is still evolving. Soon, we shall reach a balance between content and technology.;Catherine Deneuve;art
All I owe the world is my art.;Sherman Alexie;art
Art is dangerous. It is one of the attractions: when it ceases to be dangerous you don't want it.;Duke Ellington;art
Aesthetic emotion puts man in a state favorable to the reception of erotic emotion. Art is the accomplice of love. Take love away and there is no longer art.;Remy de Gourmont;art
When the bright angel dominates, out comes a great work of art, a Michelangelo David or a Beethoven symphony.;Madeleine L'Engle;art
I like the fact that in ancient Chinese art the great painters always included a deliberate flaw in their work: human creation is never perfect.;Madeleine L'Engle;art
I'm not dead and I don't have blue hair but some people say there are similarities. It is usually intolerable to watch myself onscreen but this time it's fine. I think it's beautiful and a real work of art.;Helena Bonham Carter;art
More than art, more than literature, music is universally accessible.;Billy Joel;art
I think no artist can claim to have any access to the truth, or an authentic version of an event. But obviously they have slightly better means at their disposal because they have their art to energize whatever it is they're trying to write about. They have music.;Thom Yorke;art
Every man should follow the bent of his nature in art and letters, always provided that he does not offend against the rules of morality and good taste.;Thomas Edward Brown;art
He has only half learned the art of reading who has not added to it the more refined art of skipping and skimming.;Arthur Balfour;art
If only life could be a little more tender and art a little more robust.;Alan Rickman;art
Seek art from every time and place, in any form, to connect with those who really move you.;Martha Beck;art
Back then, I didn't have a big organization around me. I was just a kid with a guitar, traveling around. My responsibility basically was to the art, and I had extra time on my hands. There is no extra time now. There isn't enough time.;Joni Mitchell;art
There's no being wrong in seeing something in art, only being disagreed with.;Jonathan Safran Foer;art
The art of living does not consist in preserving and clinging to a particular mode of happiness, but in allowing happiness to change its form without being disappointed by the change happiness, like a child, must be allowed to grow up.;Charles Morgan;art
I think good art does come from a dark place.;Rick Springfield;art
I think of art as the highest level of creativity. To me, it is one of the greatest sources of enjoyment.;David Rockefeller;art
Literature has drawn a funny perimeter that other art forms haven't.;Jonathan Safran Foer;art
Reading is an art form, and every man can be an artist.;Edwin Louis Cole;art
It is a myth that art has to be sold. It is not like stocking a grocery store where people fill a pushcart. Art is a product that has no apparent need. The salesperson builds the need in the mind of the buyer.;Jack White;art
What I'm doing is art - it's low-brow art but there's a magic in that.;Kesha;art
Art allows people a way to dream their way out of their struggle.;Russell Simmons;art
I just like art. I get pure pleasure from it. I have a lot of wonderful paintings, and every time I look at them I see something different.;Jack Nicholson;art
I realize that every picture isn't a work of art.;Conrad Hall;art
To be honest, I sort of feel like 'movie actor' isn't of this time. I love it. But it's a 20th-century art form.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;art
I view art as an inspirational tool.;Thomas Kincade;art
What is art but a way of seeing?;Saul Bellow;art
Any fool can have bad luck the art consists in knowing how to exploit it.;Frank Wedekind;art
Good art provides people with a vocabulary about things they can't articulate.;Mos Def;art
It has taken me years of struggle, hard work and research to learn to make one simple gesture, and I know enough about the art of writing to realize that it would take as many years of concentrated effort to write one simple, beautiful sentence.;Isadora Duncan;art
Art may imitate life, but life imitates TV.;Ani DiFranco;art
Celebrity doesn't have anything to do with art or craft. It's about being rich and thinking that you're better than everybody else.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;art
It is commonly supposed that the art of pleasing is a wonderful aid in the pursuit of fortune but the art of being bored is infinitely more successful.;Nicolas Chamfort;art
I've sort of escaped my background, as people often do, through art and culture.;Danny Boyle;art
It is the glory and good of Art, That Art remains the one way possible Of speaking truth, to mouths like mine at least.;Robert Browning;art
The art of the parenthesis is one of the greatest secrets of eloquence in Society.;Nicolas Chamfort;art
The worst state of affairs is when science begins to concern itself with art.;Paul Klee;art
I was the hero of the young insurgent working class art movement.;Elia Kazan;art
Thou art my single day, God lends to leaven What were all earth else, with a feel of heaven.;Robert Browning;art
The art of being sick is not the same as the art of getting well.;Tony Snow;art
Poetry is emotion put into measure. The emotion must come by nature, but the measure can be acquired by art.;Thomas Hardy;art
I'd like to introduce someone who has just come into my life. I've admired him for 35 years. He's someone who represents integrity, honesty, art, and on top of that stuff I'm actually sleeping with him.;Shirley MacLaine;art
An art whose medium is language will always show a high degree of critical creativeness, for speech is itself a critique of life: it names, it characterizes, it passes judgment, in that it creates.;Thomas Mann;art
Art is nothing but the expression of our dream the more we surrender to it the closer we get to the inner truth of things, our dream-life, the true life that scorns questions and does not see them.;Franz Marc;art
The art of communication is the language of leadership.;James Humes;art
I love to collect modern art.;Maria Sharapova;art
For nine years I worked to change what was hairdressing then into a geometric art form with color, perm without setting which had never been done before.;Vidal Sassoon;art
I choose films for their artistic value. I don't need a mansion or a Jaguar. When I leave this Earth, I won't take any money with me. All I will leave behind will be my art.;Brad Renfro;art
Alchemy is the art of far and near, and I think poetry is alchemy in that way. It's delightful to distort size, to see something that's tiny as though it were vast.;Robert Morgan;art
Only in men's imagination does every truth find an effective and undeniable existence. Imagination, not invention, is the supreme master of art as of life.;Joseph Conrad;art
The idea of avant-garde art is a very suspicious thing to me, the idea that poetry is new and it keeps being new the way Chevrolets every year are new.;Robert Morgan;art
Any work that aspires, however humbly, to the condition of art should carry its justification in every line.;Joseph Conrad;art
When thou art at Rome, do as they do at Rome.;Miguel de Cervantes;art
Rock isn't art, it's the way ordinary people talk.;Billy Idol;art
Tell me thy company, and I'll tell thee what thou art.;Miguel de Cervantes;art
Book-jacket design may become a lost art, like album-cover design, without which late-20th-century iconography would have been pauperized.;James Wolcott;art
Art is nature speeded up and God slowed down.;Malcolm De Chazal;art
There was a big drive when I was at art school to make you aware of the economy of meaning - after all, this was still during the tail end of minimalism. Being responsible for everything you put in your picture, and being able to defend it. Keeping everything clear around you so you know what is operating. To open the wound and keep it clean.;Jane Campion;art
I was very much into buying contemporary art, but I've just decided I want to get rid of it all. Not that it's not great art, but all of a sudden my mood has changed, and I want to go back to seventeenth- and eighteenth-century masters.;Sylvester Stallone;art
I did this Super-8 film at art school called 'Tissues,' this black comedy about a family whose father has been arrested for child molestation. I was absolutely thrilled by every inch of it, and would throw my projector in the back of my car and show it to anybody who would watch it.;Jane Campion;art
The great art of films does not consist of descriptive movement of face and body but in the movements of thought and soul transmitted in a kind of intense isolation.;Louise Brooks;art
Magic becomes art when it has nothing to hide.;Ben Okri;art
Science is spectral analysis. Art is light synthesis.;Karl Kraus;art
My first love is art, and I see a lot of things in an artistic way.;Robert Carlyle;art
In my world, history comes down to language and art. No one cares much about what battles were fought, who won them and who lost them - unless there is a painting, a play, a song or a poem that speaks of the event.;Theodore Bikel;art
A compromise is the art of dividing a cake in such a way that everyone believes he has the biggest piece.;Ludwig Erhard;art
Wushu is a move in Chinese, a physical move. An attack. Wushu is like an art.;Jet Li;art
Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how you're going to live your life.;Joel Osteen;attitude
My attitude is that if you push me towards something that you think is a weakness, then I will turn that perceived weakness into a strength.;Michael Jordan;attitude
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.;Albert Einstein;attitude
Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude.;Thomas Jefferson;attitude
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.;Winston Churchill;attitude
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.;Zig Ziglar;attitude
There is little difference in people, but that little difference makes a big difference. The little difference is attitude. The big difference is whether it is positive or negative.;W. Clement Stone;attitude
Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation.;Brian Tracy;attitude
Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of human freedoms - to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one's own way.;Viktor E. Frankl;attitude
A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes. It is a catalyst and it sparks extraordinary results.;Wade Boggs;attitude
Morality is simply the attitude we adopt towards people whom we personally dislike.;Oscar Wilde;attitude
