Wisdom and deep intelligence require an honest appreciation of mystery.;Thomas Moore;wisdom
Now our founding fathers had the wisdom to know that social acceptance and popularity were fleeing, and that this country's principles needed to be rooted in strengths greater than the passions and the emotions of the times.;Chris Christie;wisdom
I acknowledge the privilege of being alive in a human body at this moment, endowed with senses, memories, emotions, thoughts, and the space of mind in its wisdom aspect.;Alex Grey;wisdom
The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out.;Walter Benjamin;wisdom
It has become part of the accepted wisdom to say that the twentieth century was the century of physics and the twenty-first century will be the century of biology.;Freeman Dyson;wisdom
The novelist teaches the reader to comprehend the world as a question. There is wisdom and tolerance in that attitude. In a world built on sacrosanct certainties the novel is dead.;Milan Kundera;wisdom
Focus on the mind and the soul. Read. Study. Enrol in a course of lectures. Pray. Become a member of a religious congregation. Study the Bible or other ancient works of wisdom.;Jonathan Sacks;wisdom
If you have a vaccine or an antidote that people can benefit from, you're not going to want to keep it to yourself. You're going to want to spread that wisdom or whatever to as many people as you can, so everybody can benefit from it.;will.i.am;wisdom
I have learned throughout my life as a composer chiefly through my mistakes and pursuits of false assumptions, not by my exposure to founts of wisdom and knowledge.;Igor Stravinsky;wisdom
Community organizing is all about building grassroots support. It's about identifying the people around you with whom you can create a common, passionate cause. And it's about ignoring the conventional wisdom of company politics and instead playing the game by very different rules.;Tom Peters;wisdom
The most excellent and divine counsel, the best and most profitable advertisement of all others, but the least practiced, is to study and learn how to know ourselves. This is the foundation of wisdom and the highway to whatever is good.;Pierre Charron;wisdom
Spending two years on my uncle's ranch in Montana as a young man gave me the wisdom and the thrust to do westerns.;Robert Duvall;wisdom
If an idea is indeed sensible, it will eventually become just part of the accepted wisdom.;Nigel Farage;wisdom
It's received wisdom that the English are uniquely child-unfriendly.;Julie Burchill;wisdom
Silence and reserve will give anyone a reputation for wisdom.;Myrtle Reed;wisdom
He was gifted with the sly, sharp instinct for self-preservation that passes for wisdom among the rich.;Evelyn Waugh;wisdom
The wisdom and experience of older people is a resource of inestimable worth. Recognizing and treasuring the contributions of older people is essential to the long-term flourishing of any society.;Daisaku Ikeda;wisdom
History is filled with tragic examples of wars that result from diplomatic impasse. Whether in our local communities or in international relations, the skillful use of our communicative capacities to negotiate and resolve differences is the first evidence of human wisdom.;Daisaku Ikeda;wisdom
I'm very accepting with my age. It's like notches on your belt: experience, wisdom, and a different kind of beauty. There comes a day when you've become comfortable in your skin.;Zoe Saldana;wisdom
There is a trade off - as you grow older you gain wisdom but you lose spontaneity.;Kenny Rogers;wisdom
One part of wisdom is knowing what you don't need anymore and letting it go.;Jane Fonda;wisdom
It may almost be a question whether such wisdom as many of us have in our mature years has not come from the dying out of the power of temptation, rather than as the results of thought and resolution.;Anthony Trollope;wisdom
The weak have remedies, the wise have joys superior wisdom is superior bliss.;Edward Young;wisdom
The clouds may drop down titles and estates, and wealth may seek us, but wisdom must be sought.;Edward Young;wisdom
In complete darkness, it is only knowledge and wisdom that separates us.;Janet Jackson;wisdom
We all admire the wisdom of people who come to us for advice.;Arthur Helps;wisdom
When I was at drama school, I wanted to change the world, and thought I had some great wisdom to impart to people about humanity. Now that I'm older, I know enough to realise that I know nothing at all.;Michael Sheen;wisdom
The plan was criticized by some retired military officers embedded in TV studios. But with every advance by our coalition forces, the wisdom of that plan becomes more apparent.;Dick Cheney;wisdom
Many people have their reputations as reporters and analysts because they are on television, batting around conventional wisdom. A lot of these people have never reported a story.;Bob Woodward;wisdom
Even when you have doubts, take that step. Take chances. Mistakes are never a failure - they can be turned into wisdom.;Cat Cora;wisdom
In particular, for younger researchers on whom the future of mankind may depend. We believe that they are working with all the scientific wisdom at their disposal for the preservation of the inheritance of the earth and for the lasting survival of mankind.;Kenichi Fukui;wisdom
Economists often like startling theorems, results which seem to run counter to conventional wisdom.;Joseph Stiglitz;wisdom
Never say never, but the thought of electively cutting oneself is beyond my grasp, and I also object to it politically. Denying the lines on our faces makes a comment about age and wisdom I don't care to make.;Debra Winger;wisdom
If to live is to progress, if you are lucky, from foolishness to wisdom, then to write novels is to broadcast the various stages of your foolishness.;Jane Smiley;wisdom
Practical wisdom is only to be learned in the school of experience. Precepts and instruction are useful so far as they go, but, without the discipline of real life, they remain of the nature of theory only.;Samuel Smiles;wisdom
The experience gathered from books, though often valuable, is but the nature of learning whereas the experience gained from actual life is one of the nature of wisdom.;Samuel Smiles;wisdom
It is astonishing what force, purity, and wisdom it requires for a human being to keep clear of falsehoods.;Margaret Fuller;wisdom
Evil can be a teacher, if you look at the wisdom of its negative power.;Tom Brown, Jr.;wisdom
Mistakes are the usual bridge between inexperience and wisdom.;Phyllis Theroux;wisdom
God in His wisdom has decided that He will reward no works but His own.;Johannes Tauler;wisdom
The all-seeing eye of God beheld our deplorable state infinite pity touched the heart of the Father of mercies and infinite wisdom laid the plan of our recovery.;David Brainerd;wisdom
I don't think I really have any wisdom. Stay out of trouble. Good luck. Stay away from women because they will burn you, haha.;Jason Aldean;wisdom
Has fortune dealt you some bad cards. Then let wisdom make you a good gamester.;Francis Quarles;wisdom
The greatest wisdom is to realize one's lack of it.;Constantin Stanislavski;wisdom
It's very hard to know what wisdom is.;James Hillman;wisdom
I always prayed that God would give me the wisdom and the vision to do the things on this earth that I was supposed to do to express His life and love and His will.;Billy Ray Cyrus;wisdom
As a parent and a citizen, I'll take a Bill Gates (or Warren Buffett) over Steve Jobs every time. If we must have billionaires, better they should ignore Jobs's example and instead embrace the morality and wisdom of the great industrialist-philanthropist Andrew Carnegie.;Eric Alterman;wisdom
Never accept ultimatums, conventional wisdom, or absolutes.;Christopher Reeve;wisdom
I always told, Sandra Bullock was my student when she was younger, I always told her it's important that we hold on to our insecurity, the wisdom of insecurity.;Sally Kirkland;wisdom
Contemplation and wisdom are highest achievements and man is not totally at home with them.;Gabriel Marcel;wisdom
The wisdom of crowds works when the crowd is choosing the price of an ox, when there's a single numeric average. But if it's a design or something that matters, the decision is made by committee, and that's crap. You want people and groups who are able to think thoughts before they share.;Jaron Lanier;wisdom
There is no knowledge, no light, no wisdom that you are in possession of, but what you have received it from some source.;Brigham Young;wisdom
The wisdom of the wise, and the experience of ages, may be preserved by quotation.;Isaac D'Israeli;wisdom
Putting is like wisdom - partly a natural gift and partly the accumulation of experience.;Arnold Palmer;wisdom
I am a poor student sitting at the feet of giants, yearning for their wisdom and begging for lessons that might one day make me a complete artist, so that if all goes well, I may one day sit beside them.;Rod Taylor;wisdom
Humility is the only true wisdom by which we prepare our minds for all the possible changes of life.;George Arliss;wisdom
Of all our possessions, wisdom alone is imortal.;Isocrates;wisdom
Wisdom is the knowledge of good and evil, not the strength to choose between the two.;John Cheever;wisdom
I have sympathy for young people, for their growing pains, but I balk when these growing pains are pushed into the foreground, when you make these young people the only vehicles of life's wisdom.;Wislawa Szymborska;wisdom
I find that to be a fool as to worldly wisdom, and to commit my cause to God, not fearing to offend men, who take offence at the simplicity of truth, is the only way to remain unmoved at the sentiments of others.;John Woolman;wisdom
When you're used to being prepared to reject conventional wisdom, it leaves you open to learn more.;Mayim Bialik;wisdom
No man is the wiser for his learning it may administer matter to work in, or objects to work upon but wit and wisdom are born with a man.;John Selden;wisdom
A great memory is never made synonymous with wisdom, any more than a dictionary would be called a treatise.;John Henry Newman;wisdom
Although it has been said by men of more wit than wisdom, and perhaps more malice than either, that women are naturally incapable of acting prudently, or that they are necessarily determined to folly, I must by no means grant it.;Mary Astell;wisdom
The Relation we bear to the Wisdom of the Father, the Son of His Love, gives us indeed a dignity which otherwise we have no pretence to. It makes us something, something considerable even in God's Eyes.;Mary Astell;wisdom
Unhappy is that Grandeur which makes us too great to be good and that Wit which sets us at a distance from true Wisdom.;Mary Astell;wisdom
Imagination allows us to escape the predictable. It enables us to reply to the common wisdom that we cannot soar by saying, 'Just watch!';Bill Bradley;wisdom
Our bodies are at once the receiving and transmitting stations for life itself. It is the highest wisdom to recognize this fact and train our bodies to render them sensitive and responsive to nature. art and religion.;Ruth St. Denis;wisdom
Books are the ever burning lamps of accumulated wisdom.;George William Curtis;wisdom
My past is my wisdom to use today... my future is my wisdom yet to experience. Be in the present because that is where life resides.;Gene Oliver;wisdom
However great an evil immorality may be, we must not forget that it is not without its beneficial consequences. It is only through extremes that men can arrive at the middle path of wisdom and virtue.;Wilhelm von Humboldt;wisdom
Our experience is composed rather of illusions that of wisdom acquired.;Joseph Roux;wisdom
There is as much wisdom in listening as there is in speaking - and that goes for all relationships, not just romantic ones.;Daniel Dae Kim;wisdom
The greater the step forward in knowledge, the greater is the one taken backward in search of wisdom.;Stephen Gardiner;wisdom
Surely, God on high has not refused to give us enough wisdom to find ways to bring us an improvement in relations between the two great nations on earth.;Mikhail Gorbachev;wisdom
Your art kind of changes as you get older, by nature of the fact that you're hopefully gaining wisdom and you're starting to watch things with a better overview.;Sheryl Crow;wisdom
Old myths, old gods, old heroes have never died. They are only sleeping at the bottom of our mind, waiting for our call. We have need for them. They represent the wisdom of our race.;Stanley Kunitz;wisdom
Wisdom not only gets, but once got, retains.;Francis Quarles;wisdom
Normally street children are shown in terms of the tragedy of their lives - which is true - but there's also another dimension: their wisdom, dignity and enormous capacity for survival.;Henning Mankell;wisdom
Man is wise and constantly in quest of more wisdom but the ultimate wisdom, which deals with beginnings, remains locked in a seed. There it lies, the simplest fact of the universe and at the same time the one which calls forth faith rather than reason.;Hal Borland;wisdom
What is all wisdom save a collection of platitudes?;Norman Douglas;wisdom
The sublimity of wisdom is to do those things living, which are to be desired when dying.;Norman Douglas;wisdom
As great as Ed is, the wisdom out here is that he can't carry a movie. They'll pay him $3 million to be the second banana in Julia Roberts things. But they won't put up $3 million for an Ed Harris movie.;George A. Romero;wisdom
We learned in World War II that no single nation holds a monopoly on wisdom, morality or right to power, but that we must fight for the weak and promote democracy.;Joe Baca;wisdom
The Divine of the Lord in heaven is love, for the reason that love is receptive of all things of heaven, such as peace, intelligence, wisdom and happiness.;Emanuel Swedenborg;wisdom
A wholesome oblivion of one's neighbours is the beginning of wisdom.;Richard Le Gallienne;wisdom
Authority without wisdom is like a heavy ax without an edge, fitter to bruise than polish.;Anne Bradstreet;wisdom
I've always shied away from conventional wisdom, though I know the power of it.;Peter Jennings;wisdom
As I visited the various neighborhoods in the campaign, I learned fast that it's a mistake to think that all of the wisdom and possible solutions to our problems are available only in this building.;Jane Byrne;wisdom
One of the most beautiful passages of Rousseau is that in the sixth book of Confessions, where he describes the awakening in him of the literary sense. Of such wisdom, the poetic passion, the desire of beauty, the love of art for its own sake, has most.;Walter Pater;wisdom
You know how people always talk about how vision is the key to entrepreneurship and perseverance and really seeing what other people don't see? We can actually redeem a fair amount of that folk wisdom.;Eric Ries;wisdom
True wisdom listens more, talks less and can get along with all types of people.;Kiana Tom;wisdom
Age does not bring you wisdom, age brings you wrinkles.;Estelle Getty;wisdom
We simply can no longer afford to deny the full potential of one half of the population. The world needs to tap into the talent and wisdom of women. Whether the issue is food security, economic recovery, health, or peace and security, the participation of women is needed now more than ever.;Michelle Bachelet;wisdom
Someday in the distant cyborg future, when our internal and external memories fully merge, we may come to possess infinite knowledge. But that's not the same thing as wisdom.;Joshua Foer;wisdom
Women's strength, women's industry, women's wisdom are humankind's greatest untapped resource. The challenge then for U.N. Women is to show our diverse constituencies how this resource can be effectively tapped in ways that benefit us all.;Michelle Bachelet;wisdom
We all have within us a deep wisdom, but sometimes we don't know we have it.;Shakti Gawain;wisdom
We live in a culture that doesn't acknowledge or validate human intuition and doesn't encourage us to rely on our intuitive wisdom.;Shakti Gawain;wisdom
The thing that we possess, that machines don't, is the ability to exhibit wisdom.;Herbie Hancock;wisdom
