What the mass media offers is not popular art, but entertainment which is intended to be consumed like food, forgotten, and replaced by a new dish.;W. H. Auden;food
My three addictions of choice are food, love and work.;Alanis Morissette;food
If I don't get food in my mouth, I'm still happy. If my pants are round my ankles, as long as I don't get arrested for indecent exposure, I'm happy. I'm worried about keeping my hair, not how it's combed.;Michael J. Fox;food
In a drama of the highest order there is little food for censure or hatred it teaches rather self-knowledge and self-respect.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;food
Obscenity, which is ever blasphemy against the divine beauty in life, is a monster for which the corruption of society forever brings forth new food, which it devours in secret.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;food
I have never denied my background or my culture. I have taught my child to embrace her Mexican heritage, to love my first language, Spanish, to learn about Mexican history, music, folk art, food, and even the Mexican candy I grew up with.;Salma Hayek;food
So, what's it like in the real world? Well, the food is better, but beyond that, I don't recommend it.;Bill Watterson;food
Health food makes me sick.;Calvin Trillin;food
I remember once I read a book on mental illness and there was a nurse that had gotten sick. Do you know what she died from? From worrying about the mental patients not being able to get their food. She became a mental patient.;Ornette Coleman;food
Revenge is barren of itself: it is the dreadful food it feeds on its delight is murder, and its end is despair.;Friedrich Schiller;food
I offer neither pay, nor quarters, nor food I offer only hunger, thirst, forced marches, battles and death. Let him who loves his country with his heart, and not merely with his lips, follow me.;Giuseppe Garibaldi;food
I love dogs. They live in the moment and don't care about anything except affection and food. They're loyal and happy. Humans are just too damn complicated.;David Duchovny;food
If I agree to dispose of any part of our land to the white people I would feel guilty of taking food away from our children's mouths, and I do not wish to be that mean.;Sitting Bull;food
Food tells you everything about the way people live and who they are.;Martin Scorsese;food
I first got involved with ending world hunger, and I got hip to the facts about it - what a huge problem it was and how it wasn't a matter of not having food or not knowing how to end it, but it was a matter of creating the political will.;Jeff Bridges;food
I love inventive food, but I want the classic dishes to taste like how I remember them. I get a little bummed out when there is too much fancy stuff going on and it doesn't resemble the original dish at all.;Drew Barrymore;food
It's not difficult for me to stay healthy. I like healthy food.;Heidi Klum;food
My inspiration was my mom. She's a great cook, and she still cooks, and we still banter back and forth about cooking. Growing up in a mostly Portuguese community, food was important and the family table was extremely important. At a very young age I understood that.;Emeril Lagasse;food
I don't think there's going to be a day when I don't think about food or my body, but I'm living with it, and I wish I could tell young girls to find their safe place and stay with it.;Demi Lovato;food
The fact that food plays such an important part in my films has everything to do with my family.;Martin Scorsese;food
If your mother cooks Italian food, why should you go to a restaurant?;Martin Scorsese;food
We take food for granted, but it isn't a luxury for many people.;Christina Aguilera;food
If I'm a lush at anything, it's food and drink. I'm not materialistic in any way, but I value food.;Hugh Jackman;food
My gosh, I love food. If I wasn't an actor, I could be a completely different body shape right now.;Hugh Jackman;food
To this day, I am the least materialistic person I know, because my father didn't raise me to just go out and buy this or that car. The only reason I wanted to make money as an actor was because I'm passionate about food!;Hugh Jackman;food
I love food, all types of food. I love Korean food, Japanese, Italian, French. In Australia, we don't have a distinctive Australian food, so we have food from everywhere all around the world. We're very multicultural, so we grew up with lots of different types of food.;Hugh Jackman;food
Well, I have a lot of food references in my work.;Tori Amos;food
Quarreling over food and drink, having neither scruples nor shame, not knowing right from wrong, not trying to avoid death or injury, not fearful of greater strength or of greater numbers, greedily aware only of food and drink - such is the bravery of the dog and boar.;Xun Zi;food
Ever since Eve started it all by offering Adam the apple, woman's punishment has been to supply a man with food then suffer the consequences when it disagrees with him.;Helen Rowland;food
We must pay greater attention to keeping our bodies and minds healthy and able to heal. Yet we are making it difficult for our defences to work. We allow things to be sold that should not be called food. Many have no nutritive value and lead to obesity, salt imbalance, and allergies.;David Suzuki;food
When I go on Japanese Airlines, I really love it because I like Japanese food.;Phil Collins;food
I've been all over the world. I love New York, I love Paris, San Francisco, so many places. But there's no place like New Orleans. It's got the best food. It's got the best music. It's got the best people. It's got the most fun stuff to do.;Harry Connick, Jr.;food
I hate the way they portray us in the media. If you see a black family it says they're looting, if you see a white family it says they're looking for food.;Kanye West;food
When I got to France I realized I didn't know very much about food at all. I'd never had a real cake. I'd had those cakes from cake mixes or the ones that have a lot of baking powder in them. A really good French cake doesn't have anything like that in it - it's all egg power.;Julia Child;food
And if you look at the reality in the United States, where you have more than 40 million people below the poverty line and 42 million on food stamps, and then you look at poverty around the world, clearly the way we're running the engine of capitalism is not serving us well.;Simon Mainwaring;food
The lunch in a normal American restaurant is very problematic for me. I don't like to have hot food for lunch.;Larry David;food
I was eating bad stuff. Lots of sugar and carbs, junk food all the time. It makes you very irritated.;Avril Lavigne;food
Well, we lost a lot of our independence already. We are dependent on China for credit. We are dependent on Middle Eastern countries for energy supplies. And many Americans are dependent on the government for their income, health care, education of their children, food stamps.;Jim DeMint;food
The vast amount of waste and sheer stupidity in government - from the Pentagon to the Food and Drug Administration - could fill committee agendas for years.;Tom Coburn;food
I do not knowingly kill any living thing - including insects or rodents - and I thank my food for sustaining me.;Joan Jett;food
I think one of the terrible things today is that people have this deathly fear of food: fear of eggs, say, or fear of butter. Most doctors feel that you can have a little bit of everything.;Julia Child;food
I need my food to keep my energy up, so I can't really diet.;Sienna Miller;food
If you don't want women to do whatever they need to do then you must provide them with food, you must provide them with shelter and their basic human rights.;Emma Thompson;food
When two kids are being completely berserk, and they're naked and throwing food around, sometimes I just let it go because I can see a future where they're going to be dressed, and they're going to be at school. So I kind of let stuff go sometimes.;Louis C. K.;food
Cats are very independent animals. They're very sexy, if you want. Dogs are different. They're familiar. They're obedient. You call a cat, you go, 'Cat, come here.' He doesn't come to you unless you have something in your hand that he thinks might be food. They're very free animals, and I like that.;Antonio Banderas;food
Cats have a scam going - you buy the food, they eat the food, they go away that's the deal.;Eddie Izzard;food
I've been to therapists my whole life. I find the less attention I pay to food, the healthier I am. Any obsession is dangerous. And a whole country that's obsessed with one thing, unless it's, like, jeans, it's very dangerous. Everyone's obsessed right now with carbohydrates in this country. It's ridiculous.;Christina Ricci;food
Make food a very incidental part of your life by filling your life so full of meaningful things that you'll hardly have time to think about food.;Peace Pilgrim;food
My grandfather's family used to own a pasta factory in Naples and they would go door-to-door selling their pasta. So his love of food came from his parents, which was then passed down to my mother and then again to me.;Giada De Laurentiis;food
I love places that have an incredible history. I love the Italian way of life. I love the food. I love the people. I love the attitudes of Italians.;Elton John;food
The highlight of my childhood was making my brother laugh so hard that food came out of his nose.;Garrison Keillor;food
At the New York Athletic Club they serve amazing food. People go there, get healthy, and then eat themselves to death - which is, I suppose, the right way to do it.;Oliver Reed;food
It has never made any sense to argue that, unique among the people of the world, Arabs are more concerned on a day-to-day basis about the treatment of people they don't know than they are about how they're going to put food on their own tables, or whether their sons will ever find a job.;John Podhoretz;food
When I was 19, I made my first good week's pay as a club musician. It was enough money for me to quit my job at the factory and still pay the rent and buy some food. I freaked.;Billy Joel;food
Most people are satisfied with the junk food being sold as music.;Billy Joel;food
Short cycle business are being impacted by credit, and are being impacted by gasoline prices, food, distribution businesses, chemical business.;Jack Welch;food
You're raising a kid and you give it food and shelter and, most importantly, you give it the feeling that it's special. I think people react to celebrities like that - I mean, they treat celebrities like children.;David Duchovny;food
I just spend my money on the essentials. Just basically food and shelter.;David Duchovny;food
When I tour, I stuff fridges full of organic food and stick to that.;Avril Lavigne;food
Everything in food is science. The only subjective part is when you eat it.;Alton Brown;food
The kitchen's a laboratory, and everything that happens there has to do with science. It's biology, chemistry, physics. Yes, there's history. Yes, there's artistry. Yes, to all of that. But what happened there, what actually happens to the food is all science.;Alton Brown;food
If I can wake up everyday before I die and know that I don't have to serve anyone food or drinks, I will be happy!;Kelly Clarkson;food
I am thankful I was born in America, although if I gain any more weight the burqa thing may start to seem like a good idea to me. See? Another plus about America, you can always find some food.;Elayne Boosler;food
I'm girlie in the sense that I like makeup, but I also love sports and man food.;Carrie Underwood;food
As we say in the American Institute of Wine and Food, small helpings, no seconds. A little bit of everything. No snacking. And have a good time.;Julia Child;food
Restore human legs as a means of travel. Pedestrians rely on food for fuel and need no special parking facilities.;Lewis Mumford;food
I like being able to walk into an old town and find good local food.;Sienna Miller;food
I have my new food line in the works - I think it's over 200 items. Hopefully I can make a difference it's delicious food that's just so easy. I think it'll help people enjoy their lives... it's good!;Paula Deen;food
You go to a show, and there's no food at all, so if you're doing shows back to back, you can forget eating. I remember standing up in the bath one day, and there was a mirror in front of me, and I was so thin! I hated it. I never liked being that skinny.;Kate Moss;food
I'm too lazy and I like food and I like my free time too much to spend it working out!;Katherine Heigl;food
Quantity in food is more to be regarded than quality. A full meal is a great enemy both to study and industry.;Samuel Richardson;food
I find the less attention I pay to food, the healthier I am.;Christina Ricci;food
Metaphysics is a restaurant where they give you a thirty thousand page menu, and no food.;Robert M. Pirsig;food
If you see a black family, it's looting, but if it's a white family they are looking for food.;Kanye West;food
Food brings people together on many different levels. It's nourishment of the soul and body it's truly love.;Giada De Laurentiis;food
We were raised in an Italian-American household, although we didn't speak Italian in the house. We were very proud of being Italian, and had Italian music, ate Italian food.;Francis Ford Coppola;food
It's coming home to roost over the next 50 years or so. It's not just climate change it's sheer space, places to grow food for this enormous horde. Either we limit our population growth or the natural world will do it for us, and the natural world is doing it for us right now.;David Attenborough;food
Families are struggling against a tide of junk information on junk food.;Diane Abbott;food
When fast food is not a treat but a dietary staple, the children surf the internet all day in dark corners of the room and are bombarded with latest gadgets. Things replace parental standards.;Diane Abbott;food
Start with a clean grill. Keep it clean by brushing with a wire brush after preheating, and again after cooking. Make sure to oil your grates and your food before putting it on the grill to keep it from sticking.;Emeril Lagasse;food
I will come up with a project that will wipe out poverty in the Philippines in two years. I want to remove the people from economic crisis by using the Marcos wealth. Long after I'm gone, people will remember me for building them homes and roads and hospitals and giving them food.;Imelda Marcos;food
I can't stay away from Chinese food. I really love that stuff.;Shaun White;food
I like to cook Puerto Rican food. That's what I grew up on: rice, beans, meat, some Italian-American food. I know my way around the kitchen.;Jennifer Lopez;food
In most of the world, it is accepted that if animals are to be killed for food, they should be killed without suffering.;Peter Singer;food
Well, it's very easy for me to gain weight, but even though I tried not eating for a week when I was really young, I couldn't do it any longer because I liked my food too much.;Amanda Seyfried;food
Instead of going out to dinner, buy good food. Cooking at home shows such affection. In a bad economy, it's more important to make yourself feel good.;Ina Garten;food
In fact, in many ways my mother was quite hippy-dippy, serving macrobiotic food and reading 'Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance.';Kristin Scott Thomas;food
Some argue that now isn't the time to push the green agenda - that all efforts should be on preventing a serious recession. That is a false choice. It fails to recognise that climate change and our carbon reliance is part of problem - high fuel prices and food shortages due to poor crop yields compound today's financial difficulties.;Lucy Powell;food
Justice requires that everyone should have enough to eat. But it also requires that everyone should contribute to the production of food.;Elias Canetti;food
My contribution I hope is to get people to eat full-flavored food. If I could come away with that alone, that would be a fantastic accomplishment. I'm also very proud of being a very American chef.;Bobby Flay;food
At one point I had to shove as much food in my body as possible to pack on calories. My trainer wanted me to do six meals a day and not go two hours without eating. If I would cheat on eating one day, I could tell - I'd drop a few pounds.;Taylor Lautner;food
I know lots and lots and lots of vegetarians who think it's perfectly all right to kill animals for food to eat, but don't do it because they think all the ways in which it's done are wrong.;Jonathan Safran Foer;food
There's never been a culture that wasn't obsessed with food. The sort of sad thing is that our obsession is no longer with food, but with the price of food.;Jonathan Safran Foer;food
Food is not rational. Food is culture, habit, craving and identity.;Jonathan Safran Foer;food
Food is not just what we put in our mouths to fill up it is culture and identity. Reason plays some role in our decisions about food, but it's rarely driving the car.;Jonathan Safran Foer;food
I first became a vegetarian when I was nine, in response to an argument made by a radical babysitter. My great change - which lasted a couple of weeks - was based on the very simple instinct that it's wrong to kill animals for food.;Jonathan Safran Foer;food
To a historian libraries are food, shelter, and even muse.;Barbara Tuchman;food
I love food.;Amy Winehouse;food
Well, first of all, we've got to get away from being offended by the truth. We've seen a 41 percent increase in food stamp recipients across the United States of America since President Obama was sworn in in January 2009. That has nothing to do with black, white, Hispanic or whatever. It's a fact, and we need to, you know, deal with that.;Allen West;food
