When freedom does not have a purpose, when it does not wish to know anything about the rule of law engraved in the hearts of men and women, when it does not listen to the voice of conscience, it turns against humanity and society.;Pope John Paul II;women
Once you get a spice in your home, you have it forever. Women never throw out spices. The Egyptians were buried with their spices. I know which one I'm taking with me when I go.;Erma Bombeck;women
I'm a heroine addict. I need to have sex with women who have saved someone's life.;Mitch Hedberg;women
Nothing can be more absurd than the practice that prevails in our country of men and women not following the same pursuits with all their strengths and with one mind, for thus, the state instead of being whole is reduced to half.;Plato;women
I was ecstatic they re-named 'French Fries' as 'Freedom Fries'. Grown men and women in positions of power in the U.S. government showing themselves as idiots.;Johnny Depp;women
There are two powers in the world one is the sword and the other is the pen. There is a great competition and rivalry between the two. There is a third power stronger than both, that of the women.;Muhammad Ali Jinnah;women
I love women, but I feel like you can't trust some of them. Some of them are liars, you know? Like I was in the park and I met this girl, she was cute and she had a dog. And I went up to her, we started talking. She told me her dog's name. Then I said, 'Does he bite?' She said, 'No.' And I said, 'Oh yeah? Then how does he eat?' Liar.;Demetri Martin;women
I speak Spanish to God, Italian to women, French to men, and German to my horse.;Charles V;women
There was a time in my life when I thought I had everything - millions of dollars, mansions, cars, nice clothes, beautiful women, and every other materialistic thing you can imagine. Now I struggle for peace.;Richard Pryor;women
Money and women are the most sought after and the least known about of any two things we have.;Will Rogers;women
As I've said, there were patriots who supported this war, and patriots who opposed it. And all of us are united in appreciation for our servicemen and women, and our hopes for Iraqis' future.;Barack Obama;women
Women in particular need to keep an eye on their physical and mental health, because if we're scurrying to and from appointments and errands, we don't have a lot of time to take care of ourselves. We need to do a better job of putting ourselves higher on our own 'to do' list.;Michelle Obama;women
Very learned women are to be found, in the same manner as female warriors but they are seldom or ever inventors.;Voltaire;women
But when women are moved and lend help, when women, who are by nature calm and controlled, give encouragement and applause, when virtuous and knowledgeable women grace the endeavor with their sweet love, then it is invincible.;Jose Marti;women
Women are like elephants. I like to look at 'em, but I wouldn't want to own one.;W. C. Fields;women
Women. They are a complete mystery.;Stephen Hawking;women
Fashion is always of the time in which you live. It is not something standing alone. But the grand problem, the most important problem, is to rejeuvenate women. To make women look young. Then their outlook changes. They feel more joyous.;Coco Chanel;women
Most women put off entertaining until the kids are grown.;Erma Bombeck;women
The big divide in this country is not between Democrats and Republicans, or women and men, but between talkers and doers.;Thomas Sowell;women
I think all women go through periods where we hate this about ourselves, we don't like that. It's great to get to a place where you dismiss anything you're worried about. I find flaws attractive. I find scars attractive.;Angelina Jolie;women
Deprived of meaningful work, men and women lose their reason for existence they go stark, raving mad.;Fyodor Dostoevsky;women
Once we hit forty, women only have about four taste buds left: one for vodka, one for wine, one for cheese, and one for chocolate.;Gina Barreca;women
Marriage is for women the commonest mode of livelihood, and the total amount of undesired sex endured by women is probably greater in marriage than in prostitution.;Bertrand Russell;women
There is no such thing as society: there are individual men and women, and there are families.;Margaret Thatcher;women
If I became a philosopher, if I have so keenly sought this fame for which I'm still waiting, it's all been to seduce women basically.;Jean-Paul Sartre;women
Welcome to Lake Wobegon, where all the women are strong, all the men are good-looking, and all the children are above average.;Garrison Keillor;women
Guys are simple... women are not simple and they always assume that men must be just as complicated as they are, only way more mysterious. The whole point is guys are not thinking much. They are just what they appear to be. Tragically.;Dave Barry;women
I am an example of what is possible when girls from the very beginning of their lives are loved and nurtured by people around them. I was surrounded by extraordinary women in my life who taught me about quiet strength and dignity.;Michelle Obama;women
Not only is women's work never done, the definition keeps changing.;Bill Copeland;women
If women ran the world we wouldn't have wars, just intense negotiations every 28 days.;Robin Williams;women
When you start falling for somebody and you can't stop thinking about when you're going to see them again, I love that. Women are beautiful. They deserve to be cherished and respected.;Orlando Bloom;women
It is past time for women to take their rightful place, side by side with men, in the rooms where the fates of peoples, where their children's and grandchildren's fates, are decided.;Hillary Clinton;women
To be completely woman you need a master, and in him a compass for your life. You need a man you can look up to and respect. If you dethrone him it's no wonder that you are discontented, and discontented women are not loved for long.;Marlene Dietrich;women
What makes a woman beautiful is her loyalty to and her friendships with other women, and her honesty with men.;Vanessa Marcil;women
Men have a much better time of it than women. For one thing, they marry later for another thing, they die earlier.;H. L. Mencken;women
Love is an emotion that is based on an opinion of women that is impossible for those who have had any experience with them.;H. L. Mencken;women
If you cannot work on the marriage or the women is a moron, staying married and cheating makes the most sense because divorce is disruptive to the family life and your bank account.;Al Goldstein;women
I seem to be getting a lot of things pushed my way that are strong women. It's like people see Hackers and they send me offers to play tough women with guns, the kind who wear no bra and a little tank top. I'd like to play strong women who are also very feminine.;Angelina Jolie;women
We don't have enough support for maternal leave and the kinds of things that some of the European countries do. So we still make it hard on women to go into the work force and feel that they can be good at work but then doing the most important job, which is raising your children in a responsible and positive way.;Hillary Clinton;women
Women wish to be loved without a why or a wherefore not because they are pretty, or good, or well-bred, or graceful, or intelligent, but because they are themselves.;Henri Frederic Amiel;women
Smart women love smart men more than smart men love smart women.;Natalie Portman;women
Men and women of every faith and good people with none at all sincerely strive to do right and lead a purpose-driven life.;Mitt Romney;women
When my mom ran for the Senate, my dad was there for her every step of the way. I can still hear her saying in her beautiful voice, 'Why should women have any less say than men, about the great decisions facing our nation?';Mitt Romney;women
When women kiss it always reminds one of prize fighters shaking hands.;H. L. Mencken;women
The animals of the world exist for their own reasons. They were not made for humans any more than black people were made for white, or women created for men.;Alice Walker;women
If women believed in their husbands they would be a good deal happier and also a good deal more foolish.;H. L. Mencken;women
I have never met anyone who did not support our troops. Sometimes, however, we hear accusations that someone or some group does not support the men and women serving in our Armed Forces. But this is pure demagoguery, and it is intellectually dishonest.;Ron Paul;women
If a country doesn't recognize minority rights and human rights, including women's rights, you will not have the kind of stability and prosperity that is possible.;Hillary Clinton;women
I try to write parts for women that are as complicated and interesting as women actually are.;Nora Ephron;women
Women are the largest untapped reservoir of talent in the world.;Hillary Clinton;women
I'm quite sensitive to women. I saw how my sister got treated by boyfriends. I read this thing that said when you are in a relationship with a woman, imagine how you would feel if you were her father. That's been my approach, for the most part.;Orlando Bloom;women
I think women are natural caretakers. They take care of everybody. They take care of their husbands and their kids and their dogs, and don't spend a lot of time just getting back and taking time out.;Reese Witherspoon;women
A man's brain has a more difficult time shifting from thinking to feeling than a women's brain does.;Barbara de Angelis;women
They're right to think that about me, because I'm the person most likely to sleep with my female fans, I genuinely love other women. And I think they know that.;Angelina Jolie;women
We say that slavery has vanished from European civilization, but this is not true. Slavery still exists, but now it applies only to women and its name is prostitution.;Victor Hugo;women
Motherhood is a great honor and privilege, yet it is also synonymous with servanthood. Every day women are called upon to selflessly meet the needs of their families. Whether they are awake at night nursing a baby, spending their time and money on less-than-grateful teenagers, or preparing meals, moms continuously put others before themselves.;Charles Stanley;women
No one is more arrogant toward women, more aggressive or scornful, than the man who is anxious about his virility.;Simone de Beauvoir;women
I believe that the rights of women and girls is the unfinished business of the 21st century.;Hillary Clinton;women
All the men in my family were bearded, and most of the women.;W. C. Fields;women
Feminism is hated because women are hated. Anti-feminism is a direct expression of misogyny it is the political defense of women hating.;Andrea Dworkin;women
Why are women... so much more interesting to men than men are to women?;Virginia Woolf;women
I have a total irreverence for anything connected with society except that which makes the roads safer, the beer stronger, the food cheaper and the old men and old women warmer in the winter and happier in the summer.;Brendan Behan;women
If American women would increase their voting turnout by ten percent, I think we would see an end to all of the budget cuts in programs benefiting women and children.;Coretta Scott King;women
I do not believe in using women in combat, because females are too fierce.;Margaret Mead;women
But what of black women?... I most sincerely doubt if any other race of women could have brought its fineness up through so devilish a fire.;W. E. B. Du Bois;women
The basic problem with my love relationships with women is that my standards are so high - and they apply equally to both of us. I seek full-blast mutual intensity, fully fledged mutual acceptance, full-blown mutual flourishing, and fully felt peace and joy with each other. This requires a level of physical attraction, personal adoration, and moral admiration that is hard to find.;Cornel West;women
The battle for women's rights has been largely won.;Margaret Thatcher;women
When you're wounded and left on Afghanistan's plains, and the women come out to cut up what remains, jest roll to your rifle and blow out your brains and go to your gawd like a soldier.;Rudyard Kipling;women
When men attempt bold gestures, generally it's considered romantic. When women do it, it's often considered desperate or psycho.;Sarah Jessica Parker;women
The three great problems of this century the degradation of man in the proletariat, the subjection of women through hunger, the atrophy of the child by darkness.;Victor Hugo;women
Aristotle maintained that women have fewer teeth than men although he was twice married, it never occurred to him to verify this statement by examining his wives' mouths.;Bertrand Russell;women
Human rights are women's rights, and women's rights are human rights.;Hillary Clinton;women
I fought all my life for women to make their own choices, in their personal and professional lives. I made mine.;Hillary Clinton;women
It's not vanity to feel you have a right to be beautiful. Women are taught to feel we're not good enough, that we must live up to someone else's standards. But my aim is to cherish myself as I am.;Elle Macpherson;women
Sheer flattery got me into the theater. Flattery always works with me, particularly the flattery of women.;Carroll O'Connor;women
Some women flirt more with what they say, and some with what they do.;Anna Held;women
I am not a sexy woman, I'm not beautiful, I'm not a sex kitten, I don't flirt with people, yet I've been tagged more of sex symbol than women who truly are and I that's solely because I don't reveal too much: people are curious.;Shirley Manson;women
There are a number of mechanical devices which increase sexual arousal, particularly in women. Chief among these is the Mercedes-Benz 380SL convertible.;P. J. O'Rourke;women
I've only slept with men I've been married to. How many women can make that claim?;Elizabeth Taylor;women
A women's greatest asset is her beauty.;Alex Comfort;women
What I would say to the young men and women who are beset by hopelessness and doubt is that they should go and see what is being done on the ground to fight poverty, not like going to the zoo but to take action, to open their hearts and their consciences.;Abbe Pierre;women
After all, what is your host's purpose in having a party? Surely not for you to enjoy yourself if that were their sole purpose, they'd have simply sent champagne and women over to your place by taxi.;P. J. O'Rourke;women
A great city is that which has the greatest men and women.;Walt Whitman;women
If women are supposed to be less rational and more emotional at the beginning of our menstrual cycle when the female hormone is at its lowest level, then why isn't it logical to say that, in those few days, women behave the most like the way men behave all month long?;Gloria Steinem;women
Wealthy women have rights in every country. And poor women don't.;Hillary Clinton;women
We are victims of evil customs. It is a crime against humanity that our women are shut up within the four walls of the houses as prisoners. There is no sanction anywhere for the deplorable condition in which our women have to live.;Muhammad Ali Jinnah;women
Women: You can't live with them, and you can't get them to dress up in a skimpy little Nazi costume and beat you with a warm squash or something.;Emo Philips;women
If everybody in this town connected with politics had to leave town because of chasing women and drinking, you would have no government.;Barry Goldwater;women
I always supported the women I worked with having time off to go to parent-teacher conferences and doctors' appointments or bringing their infants into the office.;Hillary Clinton;women
I mean, honestly, we have to be clear that the life for many Afghan women is not that much different than it was a hundred years ago, 200 years ago. The country has lived with so much violence and conflict that many people, men and women, just want it to be over.;Hillary Clinton;women
A psychologist once told me that for a boy being in the middle of a conflict between two women is the worst possible situation. There's always a desire to please each one.;Hillary Clinton;women
Aristotle could have avoided the mistake of thinking that women have fewer teeth than men, by the simple device of asking Mrs. Aristotle to keep her mouth open while he counted.;Bertrand Russell;women
I like women, but you can't always trust them. Some of them are big liars, like this one woman I met who had a dog. I asked her her dog's name and then I asked, 'Does he bite?' and she said, 'No.' And I said, 'So how does he eat?' Liar!;Demetri Martin;women
The desire to get married, which - I regret to say, I believe is basic and primal in women - is followed almost immediately by an equally basic and primal urge - which is to be single again.;Nora Ephron;women
A lot of women don't know how to love because there's deep reasons for them not knowing how to love. And what I mean by deep reasons is deep and dark reasons.;Lil Wayne;women
All men and women have an equal need for love. When these needs are not fulfilled it is easy to have our feelings hurt, for which we blame our partner.;John Gray;women
You can find women who have never had an affair, but it is hard to find a woman who has had just one.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;women
Love him or hate him, Trump is a man who is certain about what he wants and sets out to get it, no holds barred. Women find his power almost as much of a turn-on as his money.;Donald Trump;women
Convent - a place of retirement for women who wish for leisure to meditate upon the sin of idleness.;Ambrose Bierce;women
